Wall St. Bears Claw Back Into the Black (Reuters) Reuters - Short-sellers, Wall Street's dwindling\band of ultra-cynics, are seeing green again.
Carlyle Looks Toward Commercial Aerospace (Reuters) Reuters - Private investment firm Carlyle Group,\which has a reputation for making well-timed and occasionally\controversial plays in the defense...
Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Soaring crude prices plus worries\about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to\hang over the stock market next week during...
Iraq Halts Oil Exports from Main Southern Pipeline (Reuters) Reuters - Authorities have halted oil export\flows from the main pipeline in southern Iraq after\intelligence showed a rebel militia could...
Oil prices soar to all-time record, posing new menace to US economy (AFP) AFP - Tearaway world oil prices, toppling records and straining wallets, present a new economic menace barely three months...
Stocks End Up, But Near Year Lows (Reuters) Reuters - Stocks ended slightly higher on Friday\but stayed near lows for the year as oil prices surged past  #36;46\a barrel, offsetting a positive...
Money Funds Fell in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds fell by  #36;1.17 billion in the latest week to  #36;849.98 trillion, the Investment Company...
Fed minutes show dissent over inflation (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Retail sales bounced back a bit in July, and new claims for jobless benefits fell last week, the government said Thursday,...
Safety Net (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - After earning a PH.D. in Sociology, Danny Bazil Riley started to work as the general manager at a commercial real estate firm at an annual base salary of ...
Wall St. Bears Claw Back Into the Black  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Short-sellers, Wall Street's dwindling  band of ultra-cynics, are seeing green again.
Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Soaring crude prices plus worries  about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to  hang over the stock market next week...
No Need for OPEC to Pump More-Iran Gov  TEHRAN (Reuters) - OPEC can do nothing to douse scorching  oil prices when markets are already oversupplied by 2.8 million  barrels per day (bpd) of crude,...
Non-OPEC Nations Should Up Output-Purnomo  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Non-OPEC oil exporters should consider  increasing output to cool record crude prices, OPEC President  Purnomo Yusgiantoro said on...
Google IPO Auction Off to Rocky Start  WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The auction for Google  Inc.'s highly anticipated initial public offering got off to a  rocky start on Friday after the Web...
Dollar Falls Broadly on Record Trade Gap  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar tumbled broadly on Friday  after data showing a record U.S. trade deficit in June cast  fresh doubts on the economy's...
Rescuing an Old Saver If you think you may need to help your elderly relatives with their finances, don't be shy about having the money talk -- soon.
Kids Rule for Back-to-School The purchasing power of kids is a big part of why the back-to-school season has become such a huge marketing phenomenon.
In a Down Market, Head Toward Value Funds There is little cause for celebration in the stock market these days, but investors in value-focused mutual funds have reason to feel a bit smug -- if only...
US trade deficit swells in June The US trade deficit has exploded 19 to a record \$55.8bn as oil costs drove imports higher, according to a latest figures.
Shell 'could be target for Total' Oil giant Shell could be bracing itself for a takeover attempt, possibly from French rival Total, a  press report claims.
Google IPO faces Playboy slip-up The bidding gets underway for Google's public offering, despite last-minute worries over an interview with its bosses in Playboy magazine.
Eurozone economy keeps growing Official figures show the 12-nation eurozone economy continues to grow, but there are warnings it may slow down later in the year.
Expansion slows in Japan Economic growth in Japan slows down as the country experiences a drop in domestic and corporate spending.
Rand falls on shock SA rate cut Interest rates are trimmed to 7.5 by the South African central bank,  but the lack of warning hits the rand and surprises markets.
Car prices down across the board The cost of buying both new and second hand cars fell sharply over the past five years, a new survey has found.
South Korea lowers interest rates South Korea's central bank cuts interest rates by a quarter percentage point to 3.5 in a bid to drive growth in the economy.
Google auction begins on Friday An auction of shares in Google, the web search engine which could be floated for as much as \$36bn, takes place on Friday.
HP shares tumble on profit news Hewlett-Packard shares fall after disappointing third-quarter profits, while the firm warns the final quarter will also fall short of expectations.
Mauritian textile firm cuts jobs One of the oldest textile operators on the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius last week shut seven factories and cut 900 jobs.
Chad seeks refugee aid from IMF Chad asks the IMF for a loan to pay for looking after more than 100,000 refugees from conflict-torn Darfur in western Sudan.
Japan nuclear firm shuts plants The company running the Japanese nuclear plant hit by a fatal accident is to close its reactors for safety checks.
Veteran inventor in market float Trevor Baylis, the veteran inventor famous for creating the Freeplay clockwork radio, is planning to float his company on the stock market.
Saudi Arabia to open up oil taps Saudi Arabia says it is ready to push an extra 1.3 million barrels a day of oil into the market, to help reverse surging prices.
Saudi phone sector gets \$1bn lift A group led by the UAE's Etisalat plans to spend \$1bn (544m) on expansion after winning two mobile phone licences in Saudi Arabia.
Indians fill rail skills shortage Network Rail flies in specialist Indian engineers to work on the West Coast Mainline because of a UK skills shortage.
Steady as they go BEDFORD -- Scientists at NitroMed Inc. hope their experimental drugs will cure heart disease someday. But lately their focus has been on more mundane matters.
Google IPO: Type in 'confusing,' 'secrecy' I've submitted my bid to buy shares of Google Inc. in the computer search company's giant auction-style initial public offering. That could turn out to be...
A bargain hunter's paradise Massachusetts bargain hunters showed up in droves and shopped hard on yesterday's sales tax holiday, buying everything from treadmills and snow blowers to candles and...
Researchers seek to untangle the e-mail thread E-mail is a victim of its own success. That's the conclusion of IBM Corp. researchers in Cambridge, who have spent nearly a decade conducting field...
Microsoft Corp. 2.0: a kinder corporate culture Even a genius can mess up. Bill Gates was a brilliant technologist when he cofounded Microsoft , but as he guided it to greatness in both size and...
Letters Target the abusers of legal weapons We can all share the outrage, expressed by columnist Steve Bailey (''Summer Sizzler, quot; Aug. 11), at the killings in the city's poor neighborhoods. But...
Somewhere between gleam and gloom President Bush has been saying that the US economy has ''turned the corner. quot; Democratic presidential candidate Senator John F. Kerry, in the wake of this...
Technology company sues five ex-employees  A Marlborough-based technology company is suing five former employees, including three senior managers, for allegedly conspiring against their employer...
Grant to aid Lynn Central Square Central Square in Lynn should be looking a bit brighter. New sidewalks, curbs, fences, lights, landscaping, and road improvements are planned for the Gateway Artisan...
State grant to aid Lynn; Bank gives Salem \$10k Central Square in Lynn should be looking a bit brighter. New sidewalks, curbs, fences, lights, landscaping, and road improvements are planned for the...
A New Legal Chapter for a 90's Flameout A lawsuit against Gary Winnick, the former chief of Global Crossing, refocuses attention on what Mr. Winnick knew about his company's finances as it imploded.
Will Russia, the Oil Superpower, Flex Its Muscles? Russia is again emerging as a superpower - but the reason has less to do with nuclear weapons than with oil.
Switching Titles, if Not Gears, at Dell Kevin B. Rollins, the new chief executive of Dell, talks about Dell's transitory slip in customer service, and why he sees a broader technology recovery taking...
For Sale: The Ultimate Status Symbol With the country in need of cash and rich people dying to show off their wealth, Mr. Stein proposes a unique solution: having the government sell titles of...
Quality Gets Swept Away Quality Distribution is hammered after reporting a large loss for the second quarter.
Making Your Insurer Pay If Hurricane Charley blows your house down, how can you make your insurance company pay?
Delightful Dell The company's results show that it's not grim all over tech world. Just all of it that isn't Dell.
Chrysler's Bling King After a tough year, Detroit's troubled carmaker is back -- thanks to a maverick designer and a car that is dazzling the hip-hop crowd
What's Cool In the Pool ... ... And Hot On the Deck Americans are spending more on tricking out the places where they swim. Here's a look at the new wave of accessories
The Age of Doom In 1993 six geeks had a digital nightmare that changed the culture. It's about to get far creepier
Hip Hop's Online Shop Celebrity fashion is booming. These webpreneurs are bringing it to main street
Stoking the Steamroller No other recording artist can channel American middle-class tastes quite like Chip Davis and his best-selling band
Coming to The Rescue Got a unique problem? Not to worry: you can find a financial planner for every specialized need
The New Customers Are In Town Today's customers are increasingly demanding, in Asia as elsewhere in the world.  Henry Astorga describes the complex reality faced by today's marketers, which includes...
Barrel of Monkeys, 2004 Edition: Notes on Philippine Elections Well, it's election time in the Republic of the Philippines, and that means the monkeys are rolling around in those political barrels,...
Oldsmobile: The final parking lot Why General Motors dropped the Oldsmobile. The four brand  paradoxes GM had to face - the name, the product, image re-positioning, and the consumer - all added up to...
Not All Jobs Belong To The White Man: Asian Minorities, Affirmative Action, And The Quest For Parity At Work Although a smattering of Chinese, Filipinos, Japanese, Indians, Thais, and others may crow...
Downhome Pinoy Blues, Intersecting Life Paths, and Heartbreak Songs The Blues is alive and well in the Philippines, as evidenced by this appreciation of the Pinoy Blues band 'Lampano Alley', penned...
The Real Time Modern Manila Blues: Bill Monroe Meets Muddy Waters in the Orient Globalization does strange things to people. A day in the life of a Manila Philippines based business consultant -...
Best Asian Tourism Destinations The new APMF survey of the best Asian tourism destinations has just kicked off, but it's crowded at the top, with Chiang Mai in Thailand just leading from perennial...
What are the best cities for business in Asia? One of our new categories in the APMF Sense of Place survey is for best Asian business city. After a couple of days, Singapore leads the pack, followed...
IT alligator tales I grew up in New York, where giant alligators -- sometimes more ornately described as albino alligators -- were rumored to roam the citys sewer systems. According to legend,...
IT Myth 5: Most IT projects fail Do most IT projects fail? Some point to the number of giant consultancies such as IBM Global Services, Capgemini, and Sapient, who feed off bad experiences...
BEA grabs CA exec to head product group BEA Systems Inc. has hired the Computer Associates International Inc. executive responsible for CA's Unicenter line of enterprise management software to head...
Autodesk tackles project collaboration Autodesk  this week unwrapped an updated version of its hosted project collaboration service targeted at the construction and manufacturing industries. Autodesk...
U.K.'s NHS taps Gartner to help plan \$9B IT overhaul LONDON -- The U.K.'s National Health Service (NHS) has tapped IT researcher Gartner Inc. to provide market intelligence services as the health...
Play Boys: Google IPO a Go Anyway Even though Google's two founders gave an interview to Playboy magazine in the midst of its IPO filing, the SEC allowed the company's offering to go ahead. The boys...
More Big Boobs in Playboy An interview with Google's co-founders due out in the current issue of Playboy may delay the company's IPO. Securities regulations restrict what executives can say while...
Dutch Firm Beats Apple to Punch A music retailer from the Netherlands beats Apple by launching a download service in Europe's latest market battleground. Also: Movie industry wrests agreement from...
HP to Buy Synstar Hewlett-Packard will pay \$297 million for the British company. Also: TiVo goes all out to attract customers   hellip;. Sprint offers service guarantees for business wireless...
A Personal Operator From Verizon Verizon plans to offer a service that would act as a virtual switchboard operator, letting customers stay in touch at all times. The program would send phone calls,...
Paid Search Growth May Slow A new Internet advertising forecast shows a slowdown in paid search listings in the next five years. Will the projection affect Google's prospects when it goes public?
Fark Sells Out. France Surrenders Blogs are the hottest thing on the Net, but are they messing with traditional publishing principles? One of the most popular, Fark.com, is allegedly selling links....
'Madden,' 'ESPN' Football Score in Different Ways (Reuters) Reuters - Was absenteeism a little high\on Tuesday among the guys at the office? EA Sports would like\to think it was because "Madden NFL...
Group to Propose New High-Speed Wireless Format (Reuters) Reuters - A group of technology companies\including Texas Instruments Inc. (TXN.N), STMicroelectronics\(STM.PA) and Broadcom Corp. (BRCM.O),...
AOL to Sell Cheap PCs to Minorities and Seniors (Reuters) Reuters - America Online on Thursday said it\plans to sell a low-priced PC targeting low-income and minority\households who agree to sign up...
Companies Approve New High-Capacity Disc Format (Reuters) Reuters - A group of consumer electronics\makers said on Wednesday they approved the format for a new\generation of discs that can store five...
Missing June Deals Slow to Return for Software Cos. (Reuters) Reuters - The mystery of what went wrong for the\software industry in late June when sales stalled at more than\20 brand-name companies...
Hacker Cracks Apple's Streaming Technology (AP) AP - The Norwegian hacker famed for developing DVD encryption-cracking software has apparently struck again  #151; this time breaking the locks on...
European Download Services Go Mobile (Reuters) Reuters - The ability to download complete\tracks directly over cell-phone networks to mobile phones is\becoming a reality in Europe.
Open Source Apps Developer SugarCRM Releases Sugar.Sales 1.1 (TechWeb) TechWeb - News - August 13, 2004
Oracle Sales Data Seen Being Released (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp. sales documents\detailing highly confidential information, such as which\companies receive discounts on Oracle's business...
Sun's Looking Glass Provides 3D View (PC World) PC World - Developers get early code for new operating system 'skin' still being crafted.
Apple to open second Japanese retail store this month (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. will open its second Japanese retail store later this month in the western Japanese city of Osaka,...
Charley's Force Took Experts by Surprise (AP) AP - Hurricane Charley's 145-mph force took forecasters by surprise and showed just how shaky a science it still is to predict a storm's intensity  #151;...
Science, Politics Collide in Election Year (AP) AP - With more than 4,000 scientists, including 48 Nobel Prize winners, having signed a statement opposing the Bush administration's use of scientific...
Building Dedicated to Columbia Astronauts (AP) AP - A former dormitory converted to classrooms at the Pensacola Naval Air Station was dedicated Friday to two Columbia astronauts who were among the...
Russian Cargo Craft Docks at Space Station (AP) AP - A Russian cargo ship docked with the international space station Saturday, bringing food, water, fuel and other items to the two-man...
Bangkok's Canals Losing to Urban Sprawl (AP) AP - Along the banks of the canal, women in rowboats grill fish and sell fresh bananas. Families eat on floating pavilions, rocked gently by waves from...
T. Rex Had Teen Growth Spurt, Scientists Say (Reuters) Reuters - Tyrannosaurus Rex grew incredibly fast\during a teenaged growth spurt that saw the dinosaur expand its\bulk by six times, but the...
Gene Blocker Turns Monkeys Into Workaholics - Study (Reuters) Reuters - Procrastinating monkeys were turned\into workaholics using a gene treatment to block a key brain\compound, U.S. researchers...
Dolphins Too Have Born Socialites (Reuters) Reuters - Some people are born to be the life and\soul of the party -- and so it seems are some dolphins.
What's in a Name? Well, Matt Is Sexier Than Paul (Reuters) Reuters - As Shakespeare said, a rose by any other\name would smell as sweet. Right?
UK Scientists Allowed to Clone Human Embryos (Reuters) Reuters - British scientists said on Wednesday\they had received permission to clone human embryos for medical\research, in what they believe to...
Russian Alien Spaceship Claims Raise Eyebrows, Skepticism (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - An expedition of Russian researchers claims to have found evidence that an \  alien spaceship had something to do...
Comets, Asteroids and Planets around a Nearby Star (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A nearby star thought to harbor comets and asteroids now appears to be home to planets, too. The presumed worlds are smaller...
Perseid Meteor Shower Peaks Overnight (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A fine display of shooting stars is underway and peaks overnight Wednesday into early Thursday morning. Astronomers expect the 2004...
Redesigning Rockets: NASA Space Propulsion Finds a New Home (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - While the exploration of the Moon and other planets in our solar system is nbsp;exciting, the first task for...
Studies Find Rats Can Get Hooked on Drugs (AP) AP - Rats can become drug addicts. That's important to know, scientists say, and has taken a long time to prove. Now two studies by French and British...
NASA Chief: 'Let's Go Save the Hubble' (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Amid uncertainty over the fate of the Hubble Space Telescope and with a key instrument not working, NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe gave...
Armadillo Aerospaces X Prize Prototype Crashes (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Armadillo Aerospace of Mesquite, Texas has reported a \crash last weekend of their prototype X Prize rocket.
Prairie Dog Won't Be on Endangered List (AP) AP - The black-tailed prairie dog has been dropped from a list of candidates for the federal endangered species list because scientists have concluded the...
Hubble Trouble: One of Four Instruments Stops Working (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - One of the four astronomical instruments on the Hubble Space Telescope shut down earlier this week and engineers are...
Invasive Purple Weed May Meet Its Match (AP) AP - They burned it, mowed it, sprayed it and flooded it. But nothing killed the purple loosestrife weed, which has become a regional plague, until...
New NASA Supercomputer to Aid Theorists and Shuttle Engineers (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA researchers have teamed up with a pair of Silicon Valley firms to build \  a supercomputer that ranks...
Ants Form Supercolony Spanning 60 Miles (AP) AP - Normally clannish and agressive Argentine ants have become so laid back since arriving in Australia decades ago that they no longer fight neighboring...
Viewer's Guide: Perseid Meteor Shower Peaks Aug. 11-12 (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Every August, when many \  people are vacationing in the country where skies are dark, the best-known meteor \  shower...
Rescuers Free Beached Whale in Brazil (AP) AP - Rescuers succeeded in freeing a minke whale that washed up on a beach in southeastern Brazil, the fire department said Thursday.
Red-Footed Falcon Sighted in Mass. (AP) AP - A red-footed falcon spotted for the first time in North America is enticing birdwatchers to Martha's Vineyard.
Weak Version of Most Powerful Explosions Found (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Gamma-ray bursts are the most powerful events in the universe, temporary outshining several galaxies and likely signaling the...
Simultaneous Tropical Storms a Rarity (AP) AP - The prospect that a tropical storm and a hurricane  #151; or possibly two hurricanes  #151; could strike Florida on the same day is something...
NASA's Genesis Spacecraft Adjusts Course (AP) AP - NASA's Genesis spacecraft successfully adjusted its course this week as it heads back toward Earth with a sample of solar wind particles, the space...
Earth is Rare, New Study Suggests (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Flip a coin. Heads, Earth is a common sort of planet. Tails, and ours is as unusual as a coin landing on edge. That's about the state of...
Scientists Probe Pacific for Dead Zone (AP) AP - His hand on a toggle switch and his eyes on a computer screen, Oregon State University graduate student Anthony Kirincich uses an array of scientific...
Life on Mars Likely, Scientist Claims (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - DENVER, COLORADO -- Those twin robots hard at work on Mars have transmitted teasing views that reinforce the prospect that microbial life...
India Rethinks Plan to Send Man to Moon (AP) AP - India is rethinking its plan to send a man to the moon by 2015, as the mission would cost a lot of money and yield very little in return, the...
Natural Sunblock: Sun Dims in Strange Ways (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - When Venus crossed the Sun June 8, showing up as a clear black dot to the delight of millions of skywatchers around the world,...
Website Lets Users Scout the Red Planet from Home (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - For those who want to explore Mars but cant wait for a spacecraft to take them there, NASA scientists have reformulated a...
Appeal Rejected in Trout Restoration Plan (AP) AP - The U.S. Forest Service on Wednesday rejected environmentalists' appeal of a plan to poison a stream south of Lake Tahoe to aid what wildlife...
Explore the Many Colors of Stars (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - One of the pleasures of \  stargazing is noticing and enjoying the various colors that stars display in \  dark skies. These hues offer direct...
Britain Grants Human Cloning License (AP) AP - Britain granted its first license for human cloning Wednesday, joining South Korea on the leading edge of stem cell research, which is restricted by the...
The Next Great Space Race: SpaceShipOne and Wild Fire to Go For the Gold (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A piloted rocket ship race to claim a  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize purse for privately financed...
Growth, Mortality of T. Rex Gets Clearer (AP) AP - Here's a dinosaur finding that parents can appreciate: The teenage Tyrannosaurus rex typically went through an explosive growth spurt, gaining...
Space Science Pioneer Van Allen Questions Human Spaceflight (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A leading space scientist has called to question the validity of human spaceflight, suggesting that sending...
China Begins Manned Space Flight Countdown (AP) AP - Chinese astronauts are in the final stages of preparing for a manned space mission that will orbit the globe 14 times before returning to Earth, a...
Sunspot Grows to 20 Times Size of Earth (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A sunspot group aimed squarely \  at Earth has grown to 20 times the size of our planet and has the potential \  to unleash a major...
Japanese Lunar Probe Facing Delays (AP) AP - A lunar orbiter that Japan had planned to launch this year could face further delays, possibly until next year or later, because of a funding shortfall...
Pollutants From Asia Appear on East Coast (AP) AP - Scientists looking into air quality and climate change have found pollutants from as far as Asia over New England and the Atlantic.
Vietnam's Citadel Vulnerable to Weather (AP) AP - Experts from Europe and Asia surveyed 1,400-year-old relics of an ancient citadel in Hanoi Tuesday and said they were concerned the priceless...
U.S. Barred From Weakening Dolphin Rules (AP) AP - In a victory for environmentalists, a federal judge ruled Tuesday that the Bush administration cannot change the standards commercial fisheries must...
Canadian Robot a Candidate to Save Hubble (AP) AP - NASA said Tuesday it is moving ahead with plans to send a robot to the rescue of the aging Hubble Space Telescope.
Cave Explorers Discover Pit in Croatia (AP) AP - Cave explorers discovered a pit inside a mountain range in central Croatia believed to have the world's deepest subterranean vertical drop, at nearly...
Aquarium Reviews Death of Dolphin (AP) AP - The chief scientist at the National Aquarium in Baltimore has launched a review of the dolphin breeding program after the death of a 4-month-old dolphin.
Scientists Seek Better Way to Measure Rain (AP) AP - Meteorologists at North Carolina State University are working on a way to more accurately measure rainfall in small areas.
Wash. State Team's Private Rocket Explodes (AP) AP - A team taking a low-budget stab at the  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize for private manned spaceflight suffered a setback Sunday, when their rocket...
Nevada Ponders Superfund Status for Mine (AP) AP - Pressured by a ranking senator from Nevada and the Environmental Protection Agency, Gov. Kenny Guinn says he might reconsider his opposition to a...
Indictments Using DNA on Rise Nationally (AP) AP - Authorities once had no choice but to drop rape cases if they weren't able to catch a suspect before the statute of limitations expired. But...
Southeast Coast Sees Fewer Turtle Nests (AP) AP - About half the usual number of loggerhead turtles have nested between North Carolina and Florida this season, and scientists have no explanation for...
Company Said to Be Ready to Clone Pets (AP) AP - A company that unveiled the world's first cloned cat nearly three years ago now says it is ready to start filling orders for cloned pets, a newspaper...
Deep-Sea Vessel Puts Ocean Floor in Reach (AP) AP - A new deep-sea research vessel will be able to carry people to 99 percent of the ocean floor, diving deeper than the famed Alvin that pioneered the...
Chorus Frog Found Croaking in Virginia (AP) AP - The Southern chorus frog has been found in southeastern Virginia, far outside its previously known range. The animal had never before been reported...
Expedition to Probe Gulf of Mexico (AP) AP - Scientists will use advanced technology never before deployed beneath the sea as they try to discover new creatures, behaviors and phenomena in a 10-day...
Feds Accused of Exaggerating Fire Impact (AP) AP - The Forest Service exaggerated the effect of wildfires on California spotted owls in justifying a planned increase in logging in the Sierra Nevada,...
New Method May Predict Quakes Weeks Ahead (AP) AP - Swedish geologists may have found a way to predict earthquakes weeks before they happen by monitoring the amount of metals like zinc and copper in...
Marine Expedition Finds New Species (AP) AP - Norwegian scientists who explored the deep waters of the Atlantic Ocean said Thursday their findings  #151; including what appear to be new species of...
Annual Study Finds Rise in Beach Closures (AP) AP - The number of days that beaches closed or posted warnings because of pollution rose sharply in 2003 due to more rainfall, increased monitoring and...
Pacific May Be Seeing New El Nino (AP) AP - Warming water temperatures in the central equatorial Pacific last month may indicate the start of a new El Nino.
Cassini Spacecraft Sees Saturn Lightning (AP) AP - The Cassini spacecraft's mission to Saturn has revealed a new radiation belt around the ringed planet and found that lightning in its atmosphere is...
Poachers Putting Endangered Rhinos at Risk (AP) AP - Gangs of poachers in Congo have been slaughtering the world's minuscule population of northern white rhinos, reducing the population by about...
Experts Downplay Texas Shark Attacks (AP) AP - Three shark attacks off the Texas coast in the past two months are unusual but don't mean there are more sharks than normal along the beach or that they...
Study Says Birds Feed Other Birds' Young (AP) AP - It's a lesson many little humans could learn from baby birds: Sometimes, being nice to other youngsters pays off. Brown-headed cowbirds, like...
Canadian Team Joins Rocket Launch Contest (AP) AP - The  #36;10 million competition to send a private manned rocket into space started looking more like a race Thursday, when a Canadian team...
Universities to Build Largest Telescope (AP) AP - The University of Texas and Texas A amp;M University are planning to construct what they call the world's largest telescope with the help of a...
Mauritanian Capital Battles Locust Swarm (AP) AP - Residents burned tires and trash in the streets Thursday trying to drive off swarms of locusts descending on the region in what a U.N. agency called...
Customers of Telco Companies Face Privacy Breach A security advisory posted on Bugtraq demonstrates how hackers can compromise customers of T-mobile wireless and Verizon (landline) voicemail boxes....
Mozilla To Add Support For XForms, World Yawns It's ironic that Microsoft could help further cement its dominance in the browser market by joining its largest rival in an effort to support web...
Junk faxes to be legalized as  quot;opt-out? quot; The Register ran a story on August 6th called 'Phone spam misery looms stateside.' It seems that there's legislative nastiness underway in...
Biased Against Whom? Liberal bias versus right-wing conspiracy is a wonderful distraction. There is evidence enough on both sides. How can opposite claims be true? Confront a physicist with evidence...
The Visual World of Michel Gondry A month ago I was introduced to the works of Michel Gondry.  In short, I was amazed and tantalized by his short films and music videos.  Even if you haven't heard of...
The Austral-Asian Strike Fighter The Australian Defence Force must defend and project across an air-sea gap. This requires long range autonomous strike weaponry. The Joint Strike Fighter does not...
Insecurity: (Or Why Americans Aren't Feeling The Recovery) The New Republic's website is currently carrying an interesting piece which tries to explain the anomaly that although the US economy is...
The Great K5 Limerick Contest Queue submissions being scarce, I suggest we all submit limericks for consideration.  Mod up your favorites.    I'm no poet, so I'll submit a favorite of my childhood:  ...
RuntimeProperties... Reflection from System Properties \\Java developers often load system properties to customize the runtime behavior\of their applications.\\For example a develoepr could define a...
Thank You IBM! \\I just wanted to say thanks to IBM for Open Sourcing  Cloudscape .\\You guys really have your act together.  Keep up the good work!\\
LinuxWorld, IDs, and Privacy \\Today Jonathan Moore  and I headed over to LinuxWorld after lunch to see what\kind of cool hardware and Linux hacks they had on the expo floor.\\Only \$15 to get in the...
My Blog as a Time Machine \\I'm starting to realize that my blog is a bit of a time machine.  For example I\can create a blog entry to warn myself about something that WILL happen in the\future. ...
NTP in Debian \\The Network Time Daemon (NTP  Daemon) implementation within Debian leaves a\lot to be desired.\\First off they don't include it with a working config.  You have to create your\own...
Pretty Log4J \\I've been a big fan of Log4J  for a while now but haven't migrated any code\over for one central reason.  The following line of code:\\    final static Logger logger =...
Saudis: Bin Laden associate surrenders \\"(CNN) -- A longtime associate of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden surrendered to\Saudi Arabian officials Tuesday, a Saudi Interior Ministry official...
Mozilla Exceptions (mexception) \\For some reason I never released this code.\\I developed it while working on NewsMonster and just forgot I think\\It's an extension for Mozilla that allows you to...
Ron Regan Jr is My Kinda Guy \\"Now that the country is awash in Reagan nostalgia, some observers are predicting\that you will enter politics. Would you like to be president of the...
Al Qaeda member surrenders \\"RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (CNN) -- One of Saudi Arabia's most wanted militants has\turned himself into the authorities, the first senior suspect to surrender under\a...
Mission Accomplished! \\"BAGHDAD, Iraq (CNN) -- Members of Iraq's interim government took an oath of\office Monday just hours after the United States returned the nation's\sovereignty, two days ahead...
Java3D - Half Right \\SUN has announced that Java3D will be released in a different manner than any\other SUN project in existence.\\"We announce the availability of the source code for the Java 3D...
Reverse Psychology \\I really hope SUN doesn't Open Source Java at JavaOne this year.  It would be a\terrible decision and seriously hurt the tech industry.  Also, it would hurt SUN\and I'm sure...
Kerry's Disgusting Ad \\A few days ago Kerry sent around this ad:\\"Yesterday, the Bush-Cheney campaign, losing any last sense of decency, placed\a disgusting ad called "The Faces of John Kerry's...
What would Baby Jesus Think? \\"On Tuesday, Cheney, serving in his role as president of the Senate, appeared in\the chamber for a photo session. A chance meeting with Sen. Patrick J. Leahy\(Vt.), the...
Americans and Freedom \\"When we Americans first began, our biggest danger was clearly in view: we knew\from the bitter experience with King George III that the most serious threat to\democracy is...
Why Windows isn't Unix \\"I first heard about this from one of the developers of the hit game SimCity, who\told me that there was a critical bug in his application: it used memory right\after freeing...
Microsoft, IE and Bloat \\Zawodny  threads off of Scoble  on the IE issue:\\"I have to say, when I first read that I nearly fell off my chair laughing. I was\thinking "how stupid ARE these IE...
DRM is doubleplus good for business, Congress advised The Budget Office and the case of the disappearing public interest
HP: The Adaptive Enterprise that can't adapt &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; SAP hardly to blame
Buffy the Censor Slayer &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Readers drive stake through parents' group
Ashlee Vance: the readers have spoken &lt;strong&gt;Poll results&lt;/strong&gt; Bright news for resident &lt;em&gt;Reg&lt;/em&gt; ladyboy
&lt;em&gt;El Reg&lt;/em&gt; pledges to name BSA antipiracy weasel &lt;strong&gt;Competition&lt;/strong&gt; Get those suggestions in
Wireless net to get speed boost Wireless computer networks could soon be running 10 times faster than they do now.
Watchdog rules over broadband  The UK's ad watchdog rules over which net connections can be described as full speed broadband.
GameBoy mini-games win prize A set of GameBoy micro-games is named as the most innovative game of the year at a festival in Scotland.
Microsoft takes down SP2 sharers Microsoft is stopping people getting hold of a key security update via net-based file- sharing systems.
Long-awaited Doom 3 hits the UK Doom 3 goes on sale in the UK at a time of renewed concerns over violence in video games.
Britons embrace digital lifestyle People in the UK are spending more time and money going digital, says communications watchdog Ofcom.
PlayStation potential to learning The PlayStation games console could be developed into a learning tool for children, says a Northumberland head teacher.
'Invisible' technology for Olympics Getting the technology in place for Athens 2004 is an Olympic task in itself.
Satellite boosts Olympic security An enhanced satellite location system aims to help Olympic security guards react more quickly to emergencies.
3D holograms to crack forgeries A 3D hologram technique could transform how experts spot forged signatures and other handwritten documents.
Video games 'good for children' Computer games can promote problem-solving and team-building in children, say games industry experts.
Fake goods tempting young adults Young people are increasingly happy to buy pirated goods or illegal download content from the net, a survey shows.
Catwoman far from perfect The Catwoman game is a major disappointment that feels like a pointless tie-in with the film.
'Madden,' 'ESPN' Football Score in Different Ways  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - Was absenteeism a little high  on Tuesday among the guys at the office? EA Sports would like  to think it was because...
AOL to Sell Cheap PCs to Minorities and Seniors  NEW YORK (Reuters) - America Online on Thursday said it  plans to sell a low-priced PC targeting low-income and minority  households who agree to sign...
Microsoft to Introduce Cheaper Version of Windows  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;MSFT.O&gt; said it will  begin selling a stripped-down, low-cost version of its Windows  XP operating system...
Companies Approve New High-Capacity Disc Format  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A group of consumer electronics  makers said on Wednesday they approved the format for a new  generation of discs that can...
Missing June Deals Slow to Return for Software Cos.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The mystery of what went wrong for the  software industry in late June when sales stalled at more than  20 brand-name...
Microsoft Upgrades Software for Digital Pictures  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;MSFT.O&gt; released on  Tuesday the latest version of its software for editing and  organizing digital...
Google to Pay Yahoo to Settle Patent Dispute  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;GOOG.O&gt; on Monday again  boosted the number of shares it plans to sell in its initial  public offering, saying it...
A Digital Doctor Treats Computer Contamination Unfortunately for users, computer equipment manufacturers and resellers don't adequately inform Windows users of the risks involved in accessing the...
'SP2' a Must With XP Use Service Pack 2, "SP2" for short, aims to stop viruses, worms, browser hijackings and worse by including security features that people have to add and adjust on their own....
Putting Your Own Stamp On All Your Parcels Fido the Stamp is here. Well, he could be -- all it takes is for one dog owner to snap a digital photo of his beloved pooch, submit it to the Stamps.com Web...
Internet Challenges Face-to-Face Mingling At Bungalow Billiards in Chantilly on Wednesday, about a dozen single parents from Northern Virginia gathered at happy hour to mingle, eat and drink. All...
Forecast: Plenty of Activity On the Weather Blog Front If it's possible to love something just because it could visit torrents upon the Washington region, fling hail from the skies and swell streams...
Google Starts Auction Company launched the biggest electronic auction of stock in Wall Street history Friday but warned that it could face legal liability from a Playboy magazine interview in which...
Bids Placed Despite Mixed News Umesh Patel, a 36-year old software engineer from California, debated until the last minute.
Antitrust Lawyer Takes Helm at FTC As Deborah P. Majoras takes over the Federal Trade Commission on Monday, she's expected to build on the broad agenda set by her predecessor, Timothy J. Muris.
GAO Calls Stryker Too Heavy for Transport The Army's new medium-weight armored vehicle, the Stryker, weighs so much that it curtails the range of C-130 military cargo aircraft that carry it and under...
BioVeris Settles 2 Lawsuits Against Chief Executive's Son BioVeris Corp. announced yesterday that it settled two lawsuits against Jacob N. Wohlstadter, its chief executive's son, whom the company had...
Google: Now Playboy's Latest Bunny Investors in the company that's trying to come off as cute as a bunny could find themselves holding a fistful of vipers if the founders of Google Inc. continue to...
EBay Buys Stake in Craigslist Internet auctioneer eBay Inc. said Friday it acquired a 25 percent stake in craigslist, an online community of classified ads and forums. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans...
Blog Interrupted The instant message blinked on the computer at Jessica Cutler's desk in the Russell Senate Office Building. "Oh my God, you're famous."
Hungry world 'must eat less meat' People will need to eat more vegetables and less meat because of dwindling water supplies, scientists say.
Hopes soar for solo record plane Richard Branson says the Virgin Global Flyer is looking good for its solo trip around the world without refuelling.
Arctic team reaches destination A team of British explorers, who are retracing the steps of a Victorian  pioneer, have reached Thom Bay.
Shuttle camera to watch fuel tank The space shuttle's external fuel tank, implicated in the 2003 Columbia disaster, is to get its own camera.
Hubble peers at celestial bubble The Hubble Space Telescope has looked into a bubble of gas and dust being inflated by a young star's particles.
Bacteria gives coral orange glow Orange coral common to the Caribbean has bacteria to thank for its hue, say US marine scientists.
Honey bees close museum  A Worcestershire museum is forced to close for several weeks while a swarm of honey bees is removed.
Clouds dash Perseids show The annual Perseid meteor shower could provide a "spectacular" show, despite a disappointing start.
Worms may slow Parkinson's A protein which helps increase lifespan in worms offers hope for new Parkinson's and Alzheimer's treatments.
Nasa help for stem cell study UK tissue engineering experts are teaming up with NASA to find treatments for diseases back on Earth.
TB test to slash infection rates A rapid and accurate test for TB could cut infection rates around the world, say experts.
Scientists given cloning go-ahead The first request by British scientists to clone human embryos has been granted by experts.
Vandals damage bird reserve A disturbance free zone for nesting birds is put at risk by vandals who cut down the boundary fence.
Heat waves set to become 'brutal' Heat waves in the 21st Century will be more intense, more frequent and longer, US experts say.
Monkeys test 'hardworking gene' Scientists in the United States find a way to turn lazy monkeys into workaholics using gene therapy.
Hearing clue to whale evolution The evolution of whales from four-legged land dwellers into streamlined swimmers has been traced in fossilised ears, Nature reports.
News: NASA Extends TRMM Operations Through 2004 Hurricane Season NASA will extend operation of the Tropical Rainfall\Measuring Mission (TRMM) through the end of 2004, in light of a\recent request...
News: Climate Change Could Doom Alaska's Tundra In the next 100 years, Alaska will experience a massive loss of its historic tundra, as global warming allows these vast regions of cold, dry, lands to...
News: How Strongly Does the Sun Influence the Climate? Researchers have shown that the Sun can be responsible for, at most, only a small part of the warming over the last 20-30 years. (Max Planck...
News: New England Forests at Greater Risk from Air Pollution When it comes to forests, air pollution is not an equal opportunity hazard. While dirty air spreads across large areas of the New England...
News: Warmer Weather, Human Disturbances Interact to Change Forests While a rapidly changing climate may alter the composition of northern Wisconsin's forests, disturbances such as logging also will...
News: Duke Study Disputes Idea that Trees Can 'Relocate' Quickly in Response to Climate Change In a study with implications for how North American trees might respond to a changing climate, molecular...
News: Droughts Like 1930s Dust Bowl May Have Been Unexceptional in Prehistoric Times, New Study Suggests Events like the great Dust Bowl of the 1930s, immortalized in "The Grapes of Wrath" and...
News: New Study to Investigate Demise of Coral Reef Ecosystems Scientists are embarking on a project which will explore how global warming is devastating one of the world's most diverse ecosystems,...
Natural Hazards: Typhoon Rananim The MODIS instrument aboard NASA's Terra satellite captured this true-color image of Typhoon Rananim on August 12 at 2:40 UTC.
Horseflies and Meteors Like bugs streaking colorfully down the side window of a moving car, Earthgrazing Perseid meteors could put on a pleasing show after sunset on August 11th.
Spinning Brains One day, astronauts could zip across the solar system in spinning spaceships.  How will their brains adapt to life onboard a twirling home where strange  quot;Coriolis forces quot;...
What Neil   Buzz Left on the Moon A cutting-edge Apollo 11 science experiment left behind in the Sea of Tranquility is still running today.
Voyager 1, Prepare for Action At the outer limits of our solar system, a solar shock wave is about to overtake NASA's Voyager 1 spacecraft.
Saturn Hailstorm When Cassini reached Saturn On June 30th, it dashed through a gap in Saturn's rings, twice. One of onboard science instruments recorded a flurry of ring-dust harmlessly striking the...
Dino-Size Spurt: T. Rex Teens Gained 5 Pounds a Day New analysis of fossil bones indicates that adolescent &lt;i&gt;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt;/i&gt; dinosaurs grew extremely rapidly, quickly reaching...
Fossils Show How Whales Evolved to Hear Underwater Whale fossils found with tiny ear bones reveal for the first time how the ancestors of whales and dolphins developed their acute underwater hearing.
Real "Danny Deckchairs" Soar With Just a Seat and Some Balloons In the new movie &lt;i&gt;Danny Deckchair,&lt;/i&gt; a truck driver ties party balloons to a chair and flies away. It's called cluster...
"Unusually Good" Meteor Shower Expected Tonight Tonight's annual Perseid meteor shower is likely to be a spectacular show of shooting stars zipping across the night sky, according to astronomers.
"Monster" Waves Suprisingly Common, Satellites Show Rogue waves #151;eight or more stories or higher #151;are freaks of the ocean once thought to be tall tales told by sailors. But now scientists...
Ancient Olympians Followed "Atkins" Diet, Scholar Says What did the first Olympians eat? Food historians are scouring ancient texts to find out.
U.S. Warrior Arms Africans to Hunt Sudanese Poachers Armed poachers from Sudan have been raiding and destroying neighboring Central African Republic's wildlife resources for years. Now, with the help...
Ancient Olympics Mixed Naked Sports, Pagan Partying Nude athletes, performance-enhancing lizard meat, and animal sacrifices are just a few of the things that separate the ancient Olympics from the...
Travel Column: Offsetting Air Travel's Greenhouse Impact Global warming is threatening travel destinations worldwide. What's more, travelers themselves are contributing to it. Find out what you can...
Magma Surge Moves Nevada Mountain, Study Says Why did a Lake Tahoe-area peak move dramatically late last year? A new report says magma deep below surged upward, forcing the mountain to rise.
266 Chimps From Lab Adopted by Florida Refuge With an influx of chimps previously used as laboratory animals, Florida's Center for Captive Chimpanzee Care is transforming into the largest chimp...
Locusts Inspire Technology That May Prevent Car Crashes Locusts are commonly associated with plagues, food shortages, and death. But they are also inspiring what may be the next wave in lifesaving...
Progress Supply Ship Docks with Space Station NASA -- An unpiloted Russian cargo ship linked up the International Space Station this morning to deliver almost three tons of food, fuel, oxygen, water...
Building Dedicated to Space Shuttle Columbia Astronauts By BILL KACZOR    PENSACOLA, Fla. (AP) -- A former dormitory converted to classrooms at the Pensacola Naval Air Station was dedicated Friday to...
Undersea Habitat Becomes Experimental Space Hospital NASA -- The days of doctors making house calls may seem like ancient history for most patients in North America, but in October, three astronauts...
How Mars Fooled the World The famous Orson Welles' radio broadcast of "The War of the Worlds" is about to hit the big screen, as film moguls Spielberg and Cruise bring the H.G. Wells' classic back...
Chandra Catches Early Phase of Cosmic Assembly Chandra X-Ray Observatory -- A NASA Chandra X-ray Observatory image has revealed a complex of several intergalactic hot gas clouds in the process of...
Hubble Peers Inside a Celestial Geode Hubble Space Telescope -- In this unusual image, NASA's Hubble Space Telescope captures a rare view of the celestial equivalent of a geode  a gas cavity carved...
Saturn's Moon Titan: Prebiotic Laboratory by Harry Bortman    In this second and final part of the interview, Lunine explains how Huygens may help scientists understand the origin of life on Earth,...
Sharpest Image Ever Obtained of a Circumstellar Disk Reveals Signs of Young Planets MAUNA KEA, Hawaii -- The sharpest image ever taken of a dust disk around another star has revealed structures in...
Chandra Celebrates Five Years of Scientific Breakthroughs Marshall Space Flight Center -- On August 12, 1999, NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory opened its sunshade doors for the first time, allowing...
Some Globular Clusters May Be Leftovers From Snacking Galaxies Globular star clusters are like spherical cathedrals of light -- collections of millions of stars lumped into a space only a few dozen...
India Rethinks Plan for Manned Moon Mission By S. SRINIVASAN    BANGALORE, India (AP) -- India is rethinking its plan to send a man to the moon by 2015, as the mission would cost a lot of money and...
Cluster Finds Giant Gas Vortices at the Edge of Earths Magnetic Bubble European Space Agency -- ESAs quartet of space-weather watchers, Cluster, has discovered vortices of ejected solar material high...
Saturn's Moon Titan: Planet Wannabe by Henry Bortman     Jonathan Lunine, professor of planetary science and physics at the University of Arizona's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory in Tucson, Arizona,...
Knocking on Heaven's Door The Milky Way is a vast, diverse neighborhood. If you're hoping to find Earthlike planets that may harbor life, you'll need to narrow the search. Stars are a good place to...
China Begins Countdown for Next Manned Space Flight By ELAINE KURTENBACH    SHANGHAI, China (AP) -- Chinese astronauts are in the final stages of preparing for a manned space mission that will orbit...
Trajectory Maneuver Brings Genesis Spacecraft Closer to Home Jet Propulsion Lab -- Thirty days before its historic return to Earth with NASA's first samples from space since the Apollo missions, the...
Japanese Lunar Probe Mission Facing Delays TOKYO (AP) -- A lunar orbiter that Japan had planned to launch this year could face further delays, possibly until next year or later, because of a funding...
Progress Cargo Ship for ISS Launched From Russia MOSCOW (AP) -- A Russian cargo ship loaded with supplies and equipment blasted off from the Baikonour cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Wednesday headed for...
The Annual Perseid Meteor Shower The annual Perseid meteor shower is coming, and forecasters say it could be unusually good. Like bugs streaking down the side window of a moving car, colorful Perseid...
NASA Approves Robotic Hubble Repair Mission (AP) -- NASA's chief is urging his Hubble Space Telescope team to press ahead with plans for a robotic repair mission to the aging observatory, saying,...
What Is a Comet Made Of? UC Davis -- A new method for looking at the composition of comets using ground-based telescopes has been developed by chemists at UC Davis. Remnants from the formation of our...
Dying Star Goes Out With a Ring A new image from NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope shows the shimmering embers of a dying star, and in their midst a mysterious doughnut-shaped ring. The dying star is...
Lost Sleep Leads to Health Problems Advice on how to get a good night's slumber and avoid future heart trouble    HealthDayNews -- Lack of sleep can cause more than drowsiness; it can contribute to a...
Which Diet is Best? The One That Works for You By Kathleen Doheny, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Gather together some diners who are trying to lose weight, then sit back and listen to the...
Clouds are Cooler than Smoke Clouds help regulate the Earths climate by reflecting sunlight into space, thus cooling the surface. When cloud patterns change, they modify the Earths energy balance in...
Last Year's Flu Shot Imperfect But Effective By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Last year's influenza vaccine was far from a perfect match against the virus that sickened...
Olympics Could Call Out the Couch Potatoes As the 2004 Summer Olympics officially get underway Friday with an international broadcast of the opening ceremonies, health experts expect the Athens games...
Skateboarding Offers a Tough Workout By KRISTA LARSON     SAYREVILLE, N.J. (AP) -- While the tennis courts at Kennedy Park are bare on a hot afternoon, parents keep dropping off teenagers at the...
Rats May Help Unravel Human Drug Addiction Mysteries By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Rats can become drug addicts. That's important to know, scientists say, and has taken a long time to...
Sting of Bug Bites Can Linger Into Adulthood By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Contrary to popular belief, not all kids who are allergic to insect stings outgrow their...
FDA Warns of Terrorist Prescription Drug Tampering By DIEDTRA HENDERSON     WASHINGTON (AP) -- "Cues from chatter" gathered around the world are raising concerns that terrorists might try to attack...
Scientists Probe Pacific Ocean for Dead Zones His hand on a toggle switch and his eyes on a computer screen, Oregon State University graduate student Anthony Kirincich uses an array of scientific...
Simultaneous Tropical Storms are Very Rare The prospect that a tropical storm and a hurricane - or possibly two hurricanes - could strike Florida on the same day is something meteorologists say they...
Deaths Raise Fears Over Stomach Stapling Surgery By LINDA A. JOHNSON    (AP) -- An obese Massachusetts woman and her 8-month-old fetus died of complications 18 months after stomach-stapling surgery,...
Growth and Mortality Details of T. Rex Get Clearer T. rex was one of the largest meat-eaters ever to walk the land when it died out some 65 million years ago. At an elephant-like 6 tons, it stretched...
Britain Approves Human Cloning By EMMA ROSS     LONDON (AP) -- Britain granted its first license for human cloning Wednesday, more than three years after becoming the first nation to authorize the...
New Clot Preventer Saves Lives and Money By Ed Edelson, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- A new anti-clotting drug for people having artery-opening procedures lowers the rate of complications,...
The Eyes Are the Window to Hypertension The tiniest blood vessels of the eye can provide a glimpse that may warn of future high blood pressure, Australian researchers report. That finding comes from...
Progress Is Made Battling Strep Germ By LINDSEY TANNER     CHICAGO (AP) -- Scientists say they are making headway in developing a vaccine against a common strep germ, the cause of millions of sore...
Fake Drug Sales Problematic in Mexico By MARK STEVENSON      MEXICO CITY (AP) -- Mexican authorities are investigating the sale of fake or substandard medicine in a border town so popular among...
New Allergy Vaccine Shows Promise In the first trial of its kind, Austrian researchers have achieved success with an allergy vaccine using genetically engineered pollen. The findings are reported in...
First Lady Bashes John Kerry's Pro Stem Cell Stance By RON FOURNIER    LANGHORNE, Pa. (AP) -- First lady Laura Bush defended her husband's policy on embryonic stem cell research Monday, calling...
Doctors Place Hope in Baby Pacemaker Devices By LAURAN NEERGAARD      WASHINGTON (AP) -- Four-month-old Damaris Ochoa was near death, born with an enlarged heart that was quickly giving out....
Vending Machines Making Room for Healthy Products By IRA DREYFUSS     WASHINGTON (AP) -- The typical vending machine fare consists of chocolate bars and potato chips, leaving few options for people...
Getting beyond the next big thing McKinsey says a post-boom tech industry can profit mightily by taking stock in the operations of many slower-growth industries.
If this is a tech rebound, pinch me KnowledgeWharton goes inside the IT conundrum to examine why capital spending--and corporate confidence--remains low.
Briefly: HP partners with 3G gear maker roundup Plus: AMD starts shipping 90-nanometer chips...ABC.com to air on Real's SuperPass...Lenovo revenue grows, but problems persist.
Judge moves to unseal documents in Oracle case Says certain documents, which Oracle and others want to keep from eyes of rivals, may be necessary to decide case.
Study: IT workers more optimistic IT workers' confidence in the employment market kept growing in July, but techies are less happy with actual jobs than workers overall.
California urged to use open source, VoIP Authors of a performance review tell the beleaguered state government it could save millions of dollars by adopting open-source software and Internet-based...
Gartner: 'Steer away' from cheap Windows XP That's the research firm's verdict on Microsoft's stripped-down Starter Edition for developing countries.
Oracle expands midmarket ambitions Company looks to juice its application server business with a version tuned for smaller organizations.
Taking the Microsoft Rorschach test CNET News.com's Charles Cooper asks what it is about Microsoft that pushes so many people straight over the edge?
Earnings alert: BEA revenue rises amid turmoil Plus: Dell meets expectations...Storage, servers bruise HP earnings...Healthy sales lift Cisco's profit.
AMD starts shipping 90-nanometer chips The chipmaker appears to have met its most recent deadline for production of the smaller-featured chips.
Lenovo revenue grows, but problems persist China's largest PC maker sees surge in profits but loses market share to multinational companies.
Dell's second-quarter earnings meet expectations CEO says firm saw no sales slowdown. Could results help calm waters after bad news from HP and Cisco?
Tech market indeed soft, but HP woes one of a kind HP and Cisco spooked investors with recent comments about sales, but analysts say the overall tech market is still inching along.
HP replaces three senior executives Company follows up on promise of "immediate management changes" after disappointing earnings report, CNET News.com has learned.
Meet the new boss, same as the old boss? When heir apparent Paul Otellini takes the reins, what will the chipmaker look like?
IBM's mainframe momentum continues Big Blue's "dinosaur" mainframe business gets a boost with a European customer consolidating SAP applications using Linux.
Gateway alumnus resurfaces at HP Former Gateway executive to lead consumer marketing efforts at Hewlett-Packard.
Security pro: Windows easier to 'own' Windows beats Linux in total cost of 'ownership.' Hold on, that's not a good thing.
Securing the gold in Athens Despite age-old Olympic truce known as the ekecheiria, or "holding of hands," security experts aren't taking any chances.\
Hacker takes bite out of Apple's iTunes The Norwegian hacker famous for cracking DVD encryption reveals the public key for AirPort Express.
Microsoft touts 'Sender ID' to fight spam, scams Proposed tech standard would verify senders' IP addresses to cut malicious phishing and annoying Viagra pitches.
Begging for trouble on security Securify founder Taher Elgamal says a patchwork mentality has effectively turned network security into an IT budget black hole.
Microsoft's blast from the past A year after the MSBlast worm, the software giant releases SP2 for Windows XP. Would it have stopped the fast-spreading virus?
MSBlast suspect pleads guilty The 19-year-old faces up to 37 months in prison after admitting to creating the "MSBlast.B" variant.
Microsoft plugs hole in Exchange The patch fixes a flaw in the e-mail server software that could be used to get access to in-boxes and information.
PC security under fire A vulnerability in AOL's instant messenger could allow attacks. Also: A new Bagle variant rumbles across the Net.
Flaw opens AOL chat software to intruders Attackers could bombard PCs using instant messenger's "away" feature. AOL says a fix is imminent.
HP partners with 3G gear maker Major cell phone infrastructure provider plans to use HP's telecom software in 3G mobile network gear.
Cox speed boost leaves some members behind Not all of the cable company's broadband subscribers got a recent hike in bandwidth.
Nortel wins Indian wireless contract Nortel scores its first major wireless deal with an Indian service provider.
Mosquito software bites smart phones A possible Trojan horse hidden in an illegal cell-phone game hits smart phones using the Symbian operating system.
Vonage hangs up on some callers VoIP company suffers "delays," the second glitch in two weeks. Those affected are told to reboot their adaptors.
Group proposes faster Wi-Fi specification Networking consortium submits proposal for faster Wi-Fi, as battle lines are drawn between rival groups.
Some VoIP calls being blocked Some Net phone users who are also broadband subscribers aren't receiving incoming calls. AT #38;T plans to release patch.
Covad tries an end run In a tough scrimmage against resurgent Baby Bells, the broadband pioneer flips open the VoIP playbook.
FCC certifies Freescale ultrawideband technology Freescale Semiconductor starts shipping its XS110 chip, which will help consumers to connect devices wirelessly.
'Push to talk' meets Wi-Fi FCC says cellular carriers are working on extending the walkie-talkie feature to Wi-Fi networks--which could mean to VoIP phones.
PalmSource chairman to step down The separation of PalmOne and PalmSource will be complete with Eric Benhamou's resignation as the latter's chairman.
Blu-ray Disc spec approved Next-generation DVD specification approved, clearing way for manufacturers to produce read-only disks.
iPod chipmaker plans stock offering PortalPlayer, whose chip powers Apple's MP3 player, files for IPO. Paperwork gives glimpse of potential evolution of iPod.
Sony zooms in with new TV tech Electronics giant develops new television technology to attack core business from a new angle.
PalmOne to turn off wireless service Handheld maker says it will close down its Palm.Net wireless e-mail and Web service soon.
Apple puts edit tools in one basket Bundle of professional video editing applications includes new Motion special-effects software.
Microsoft wants to improve your image New imaging software is making eyes at those squinty camera-phone pictures.
DVD player profits down to \$1 Want to get into the market for DVD players? Intense competition and standardization mean that you might make more as a mime.
Sharp brings 3D to PCs, without the funny specs Firm brings tech already used in phones and laptops to desktops. Screen creates different pixel images for each eye.
Report: Los Alamos lab needs better hardware inventory In a report this week, the U.S. Department of Energy said inventory controls at the Los Alamos National Laboratory were not robust enough, and...
Circuit City chooses Linux for cash registers in 600 stores Circuit City this week bucked the trend of retailers opting for Windows-based point-of-sale systems by announcing plans to migrate to...
Training seen as way to counter offshoring Edward Yourdon, a co-founder of the Cutter Consortium, says in an upcoming book that the threat of offshore outsourcing isn't restricted to U.S. software...
Missing June deals slow to return for software companies Software company executives at a CIBC World Markets conference this week cited a variety of reasons for why June sales slowed, from record oil...
VoIP gaining ground, despite cost concerns The voice-over-IP market is growing, and by next year, 50 of all lines installed in the U.S. are expected to rely on VoIP technology -- despite continuing...
Olympic IT security requires advance planning If there's one thing the Atos Origin SA team understands as lead contractor for the Olympic IT infrastructure, it's that you must learn from your...
BEA meets lowered expectations for Q2 Though BEA Systems signed 18 licensing deals worth \$1 million and added 488 new customers during the quarter, licensing revenue dropped to \$116.3 million.
Hunt for XP SP2 flaws seen in full swing Security experts said that while the new Service Pack 2 for Windows XP will bolster the operating system's security, hackers will still find a way to exploit...
Tools wrap: Sun, Javalobby, Infravio make moves Officials at Sun Microsystems, Javalobby, and Infravio this week revealed initiatives positioned as advances in either Java development or Web services...
Sender ID gains traction Leading ISPs, anti-spam vendors, and e-mail software companies are moving quickly to add support for the Microsoft-backed anti-spam technology standard Sender ID, even as...
Storage, servers brings down HP results Hewlett-Packard blindsided analysts with news that its third- and fourth-quarter earnings would badly miss estimates primarily because of problems in its...
EBay takes stake in Craigslist SAN FRANCISCO - Online auction giant eBay Inc. has acquired a 25 percent stake in San Francisco classified advertisements Web site Craigslist, the companies said Friday.
AMD starts shipping 90-nanometer chips to customers Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s (AMD Inc.'s) 90-nanometer notebook processors are on their way to customers, according to a research note published...
FCC mobile spam rule doesn't cover some SMS A rule prohibiting mobile-phone spam adopted by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) earlier this month doesn't prohibit phone-to-phone text...
Benhamou will resign as chairman of PalmSource Eric Benhamou will resign as chairman of PalmSource Inc. on Oct. 28, the company announced Friday. The company said it expects he will continue in his...
Update: Google raises gavel for IPO auction Friday Google Inc. is opening the auction for its much-anticipated initial public offering (IPO) on Friday, with plans to announce the pricing of its stock...
Olympic-size security demands advance planning ATHENS -- If there's one thing the Atos Origin SA team understands as lead contractor for the Olympic IT infrastructure, it's that you must learn from...
EBay Buys into Craigslist Auction company is apparently drawn to the classifieds model pioneered by community resource site.
Is Microsoft's Firewall Secure? Some say Win XP SP2 enhancements cause conflicts, don't protect as claimed.
Newest Ad-Aware Exposes Some Users Earliest adopters of updated program should download again to ensure full security.
Trojan Bites Symbian Phones Mobile phones are target of virus traveling through illegal version of the game Mosquitos.
ATI Brings Digital TV to Your PC HDTV Wonder snags free high-definition transmissions for budget viewing.
MSN Adds Movie Downloads and Rentals Microsoft partners with Blockbuster Online, CinemaNow, and MovieTickets.com on one-stop entertainment portal.
Win XP Update: A Quiet Start Little fallout reported from service pack, but maybe it's because everyone's being cautious.
AOL Launches PC Line AOL courts novices, Spanish-speakers with budget PC that includes a year of AOL service.
Caregivers Carry Virtual Clipboard Students design mobile data-access system for health-care workers.
Blaster Author Pleads Guilty Teen faces prison for unleashing malicious variant of MS Blaster worm last year.
International Group Teams Against Spam Task force plans antispam campaign, from education to cross-border legal efforts.
Copiers Need Security, Too Networked multifunction devices share PC vulnerabilities to worms, hackers.
Intel Shows Wireless Transceiver Prototype 90-nanometer radio chip promises more power than current CMOS technology.
AOL, Yahoo Add New Antispam Tools Services try different approaches to sender authentication to halt spam.
Most Spam is Domestic, Study Says Spammers aren't ducking antispam laws by operating offshore, they're just ignoring it.
BlackBerries Play Politics Wireless devices slip past anti-gadget policies to open a new communications channel to lawmakers.
First Look at Quicken 2005 Intuit tweaks personal finance tool's usability, but update isn't essential if you're running a recent version.
Dell Unveils Inexpensive Projector New 2300MP digital model offers high brightness and resolution, at a low price.
'Insider' Information Puts City Blogs on the Map Locally focused group "metro" blogs -- compilations of events, reflections, recommendations, news and complaints -- are emerging to put a number of...
Judge Says Amazon, Toys 'R' Us Must Work Together By Jeffrey Gold    PATERSON, N.J.(AP) - A state judge ordered Toys "R" Us and Amazon.com to work together so the online retailer can abide by her...
Google IPO Moves Ahead Despite Playboy Interview Google Inc. (GOOG) forged ahead with its IPO auction Friday, even as the online search engine leader acknowledged a newly published magazine interview...
EBay Buys 25 Percent Stake in Craigslist Network By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Online auctioneer eBay Inc...
Biometrics Creeping Into Everyday Life for Americans Stuffing something in a public locker usually isn't a memorable experience. You drop a coin, take the key and move on. But at the Statue of...
Dell Posts Another Quarter of Nice Earnings By MATT SLAGLE    DALLAS (AP) -- Offering a stark counterpoint to rival Hewlett-Packard Co., Dell Inc. (DELL) reported a nearly 30 percent jump in net...
Playboy Article May Raise Concerns for Google By MICHAEL LIEDTKE     SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Google Inc. (GOOG)'s highly anticipated IPO faced a possible stumbling block Thursday with the release of a...
Hacker Cracks Apple's Music Streaming Technology SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- The Norwegian hacker famed for developing DVD encryption-cracking software has apparently struck again - this time breaking...
Athens Wrestles to Avoid Cell Phone Outages By MATT MOORE    ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- Amid the roar of the crowd, the silence of the phones can be deafening. As thousands of athletes, spectators,...
Battling Robots in Japan's Pop-Culture Tech The ring sits in the spotlight of a tense, packed auditorium and the jittery fighters await the bell at their red and blue corners. Like any fight, there's...
Minnesota Teen Pleads Guilty in Web Worm Hack Attack By GENE JOHNSON    SEATTLE (AP) -- A Minnesota high school senior pleaded guilty Wednesday in federal court to unleashing a variant of the...
REVIEW: Windows XP Battens Down Hatches in Latest Patch By MATTHEW FORDAHL     (AP) -- With the latest update to Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)'s Windows XP operating system, personal computers will soon...
Microsoft Unveils Windows XP 'Starter Edition' Microsoft announced Wednesday it would offer a low-cost starter edition of its Windows XP operating system in Asia starting in October, as it strives to...
Google Sets Date for IPO Google Inc. (GOOG) will close the registration process for its IPO auction Thursday, setting the stage for the online search engine leader's hotly anticipated stock market...
321 Studios Reaches Settlement in DVD Copying Dispute By JIM SALTER      ST. LOUIS (AP) -- A company driven out of business by Hollywood and the video game industry over its DVD- and computer...
Microsoft Says Battle in Japan Hurting Image By YURI KAGEYAMA     TOKYO (AP) -- The head of Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)'s Japan unit acknowledged Tuesday that the U.S...
Sharp Introduces 3-Dimensional Computer Display By MAY WONG     SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Hoping to spur a 3-D revolution, Sharp Systems of America introduced Monday a new flat-panel computer display...
Google to Give Yahoo More Stock to Settle Dispute Online search engine leader Google Inc. (GOOG) will surrender more than \$300 million of its stock to Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) in a settlement that removes...
Unprecedented Electronic Digital Net for Olympics By MIRON VAROUHAKIS      ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- If you're planning on attending this month's Olympic Games, you'd best be careful what you say and do...
Heat Turned Up on Streaming Video Patents By JUSTIN POPE     (AP) -- After a recent legal setback, a California company that claims its patents cover the streaming video technology used by adult Web...
Help's on the Way for Bad Dates Via Cell Phone The peak time for dates from hell in New York City is Friday at 8 p.m. - judging by the cell phone calls delivering emergency excuses to bolt. Truth is,...
Reading the Prospectus Critical to IPO Decisions By MICHAEL J. MARTINEZ      NEW YORK (AP) -- Ever read a company's Security and Exchange Commission filings? No? Consider yourself lucky...
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: SEMPO Next Steps   Mike Grehan's Second SEMPO Article - Overture Bidding Cap - PPC Question for...
Another Expanded Whois Service Doing in-depth investigation of a web site?  Whois.sc offers a wealth of detail about the people and technology behind just about any web site on the planet.
Capturing Your Personal Web Forget bookmarks: Web content managers allow you to create your own personal, searchable cache of web pages.
Yahoo Offers Anti-Spyware App Tired of those unwelcome pests that invade your computer without permission? Banish intrusive spyware and tracking cookies with Yahoo's newly upgraded toolbar.
Google, Yahoo Settle Patent and Share Disputes Google and Yahoo announced today that they have resolved two contentious issues between the companies.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Live Reports from Search Engine Strategies San Jose 2004 - PPC Bounce Rate - Google AdWords Myths...
eBay Buys 25 of CraigList eBay Buys 25 of craiglist\\eBay Inc. today purchased a 25 percent pre-existing minority stake in San Francisco-based craigslist, a popular online network of classified ads...
Getting Around Search Engine Optimization Roadblocks Getting Around Search Engine Optimization Roadblocks\\Today, I will cover the most difficult technologies and techniques to work with. While each...
Search Engine Marketing Mistakes Retailers Need to Avoid Search Engine Marketing Mistakes Retailers Need to Avoid\\According to a recent survey conducted by Shop.org and Forrester, in 2003, online...
Does Playboy Interview Violate Google IPO? Does Playboy Interview Violate Google IPO?\\On the day of the IPO comes more Google controversy - Google rsquo;s founders will appear in an upcoming issue...
Google IPO Bidding Opens Google IPO Bidding Opens\\Google's IPO bidding is officially open. Google and its underwriters expect to open the auction for the shares of Google rsquo;s Class A common...
Claria Cancels \$150 million IPO Claria Cancels \$150 million IPO\Contextual advertising and pop up company Claria Corp. has canceled plans for a \$150 million initial public offering due to "current...
Google IPO Registration Ends Today Google IPO Registration Ends Today\\Google has set their IPO registration deadline at today for investors to register for the Google initial public...
Thoughts on the Google IPO About the Google IPO\\For the past nine months the financial and Internet world has been watching Google in anticipation of what could be the largest Initial Public...
Avoid Search Engine Blacklisting Avoid Search Engine Blacklisting\\The best way to avoid being blacklisted by the search engines is to avoid using some questionable techniques that were once popular...
Google Index Database to be Archived? Google Index Database to be Archived?\\TechDirt reports that the San Jose Mercury News is running an article about Brewster Kahle's Internet Archive -...
News: U.S. tackles Emergency Alert System insecurity The FCC acknowledges that the government-mandated network that lets officials interrupt radio and television broadcasts in an emergency  is...
News: UK police issue 'vicious' Trojan alert Britain's top cybercrime fighters have joined up with the banking industry today in warning of the latest attempt to defraud online banking customers.\
News: UK scientists roll out Wi-Fi proof wallpaper British boffins have developed wallpaper that blocks Wi-Fi traffic but still allows other wireless transmissions to pass through in a bid to prevent...
Infocus: Examining a Public Exploit, Part 1 The purpose of this article is to analyze a public exploit in a lab environment, see the alerts generated by an intrusion detection system, and then do...
Infocus: Deploying Network Access Quarantine Control, Part 1 This article discusses Network Access Quarantine Control with Windows Server 2003, which allows administrators to quarantine mobile users...
Infocus: Data Driven Attacks Using HTTP Tunneling In this article we will look at a means to bypass the access control restrictions of a company's router or firewall.  This information is intended to...
Infocus: Wireless Attacks and Penetration Testing (part 3 of 3) This third and final part of the wireless pen-test series looks at how to mitigate the security risks outlined in the previous...
Columnists: The Panacea of Information Security Step away from all the vendor hype. The one device that will always be the best tool for information security is a competent security professional.
Columnists: Redmond's Salvation Service Pack 2 for XP represents a sea change in Microsoft's security posture. Here's why you should ignore the naysayers and start planning your upgrade.\
Elsewhere: Blaster B Virus Creator Pleads Guilty A 19-year-old man has pleaded guilty to infecting thousands of businesses and U.S. government computers with the Blaster B virus.\\Jeffrey Lee Parson...
Animating for the Super Bowl Against an impossible deadline, a small team at Sony Cinematics Solutions Group created a two-minute animated promo to prove that a tech-savvy group could do dazzling...
Apple Ships Motion Apple has begun shipping Motion, which delivers high-performance, real-time motion graphics design and integration with Final Cut Pro HD and DVD Studio Pro 3, at a breakthrough...
Apple Introduces Production Suite Production Suite, essential software suite for film and video that delivers real-time production tools in one comprehensive and integrated package, combines Final...
iTunes Music Store Catalog Tops One Million Songs The iTunes Music Store now has more than one million songs available for download in the US, the first online digital music service to offer...
Technology as Fashion Analyzing the success of the iPod mini in Japan, JapanConsuming writes,  #147;The iPod mini is in fact one of those all too rare examples of an ideal product for the Japanese...
Creating Stunning DVDs  #147;No other DVD authoring program in the \$500 price class is capable of creating such stunning, highly creative DVDs as Apple #146;s DVD Studio Pro 3, #148; writes PC...
Revolutionizing Flow Cytometry Dr. Mario Roederer and Adam Treister at Stanford University wrote FlowJo, Mac OS X analysis software for flow cytometers, high-speed, automated microscopes. Today, some...
PowerSchool University Attendees at this year #146;s PowerSchool University ramped up their student information system skills with the new PowerSchool 4.0 and augmented their development activities...
Guitar Player Honors GarageBand Guitar Player magazine announced during the summer NAMM show in Nashville that it has awarded GarageBand the magazine #146;s reader #146;s choice for Best Software of...
Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 Freestyle (AP) AP - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American...
Reds Knock Padres Out of Wild-Card Lead (AP) AP - Wily Mo Pena homered twice and drove in four runs, helping the Cincinnati Reds beat the San Diego Padres 11-5 on Saturday night. San Diego was...
Dreaming done, NBA stars awaken to harsh Olympic reality (AFP) AFP - National Basketball Association players trying to win a fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal for the United States have gotten...
Indians Beat Twins 7-1, Nearing AL Lead (AP) AP - The Cleveland Indians pulled within one game of the AL Central lead, scoring four runs in the first inning and beating the Minnesota Twins 7-1...
Galaxy, Crew Play to 0-0 Tie (AP) AP - Kevin Hartman made seven saves for Los Angeles, and Jon Busch had two saves for Columbus as the Galaxy and Crew played to a 0-0 tie Saturday night.
USC Begins Season Where It Ended, at No. 1 (AP) AP - Southern California will begin defense of its first national title in 31 years as the No. 1 team in the nation. The Trojans earned the top spot in...
Italy's Pennetta Wins Idea Prokom Open (AP) AP - Italy's Flavia Pennetta won the Idea Prokom Open for her first WTA Tour title, beating Klara Koukalova of the Czech Republic 7-5, 3-6, 6-3 Saturday...
Tough Race Ahead for Swimmer Phelps  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, his first gold medal  safely gathered in, eased through the next phase of his  monumental Olympic challenge in the heats of the...
Iranian Will Not Meet Israeli in Olympics Due to Weight  ATHENS (Reuters) - A diplomatic wrangle of Olympic  proportions was avoided Sunday when Iranian world judo champion  Arash Miresmaeili failed...
Tiger Runs Out of Steam After Storming Start  KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Tiger Woods failed to make  the most of a red-hot start in the U.S. PGA Championship third  round on Saturday, having to...
Colander Misses Chance to Emulate Jones  ATHENS (Reuters) - But for a decision that enraged her  coach, LaTasha Colander might have been the Marion Jones of the  Athens Olympics.
AL Wrap: Olerud Cheers Yankees by Sinking Ex-Team  NEW YORK (Reuters) - John Olerud sunk his former team by  recording a two-run single in the eighth inning to drive in the  go-ahead runs which...
NL Wrap: Jones Homers Twice as Braves Down Cards  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chipper Jones cracked two homers and  Julio Franco's two-run double in the seventh inning drove in  the winning runs as the...
Olympics-Doping-Greek Media Put Country's Honor Above Athletes  ATHENS (Reuters) - The honor of Greece lies above  individual athletes and no backstage antics should compromise  it, Greek media said...
Olympics-Rowing-U.S. Eight Beats Canada to Set World Best Time  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat Canada in a world  best time to qualify for the final of the men's Olympic eights  race...
Singh Leads, but Leonard Is Following Avoiding the late trouble that knocked other contenders off track, Vijay Singh held a one-stroke lead over Justin Leonard heading into the final round of the...
Olerud Bails Out Loaiza in His Latest Bungled Audition John Olerud reveled in his return to Safeco Field by slapping a two-run single that lifted the Yankees and saved Esteban Loaiza from a defeat.
Family circle Family Day in the Fens means fun and games to most folks. Players toddle around the bases with wide-eyed kids. Mothers beam. Children smile. All is bliss on the sun-splashed emerald...
Notables The Yankees' Alex Rodriguez , who missed Friday night's game with the flu and stayed back at the team hotel yesterday, dropped his appeal of a four-game suspension issued for his involvement...
Cubs get delivery from Wood Kerry Wood homered and allowed four hits in eight innings, leading the Chicago Cubs over the visiting Los Angeles Dodgers, 2-0, yesterday.
Leskanic winning arms race With Scott Williamson bracing for a potentially grim diagnosis of his latest elbow injury, the Red Sox last night appeared poised to move on without him as Curtis Leskanic...
Rehabbing his career Player introductions at the final Citizens Bank Summer Caravan stop produced an awkward moment. Walter McCarty and Raef LaFrentz were the featured guests for the free basketball...
Warmer and wilder HAVEN, Wis. -- Perched high on the bluffs overlooking Lake Michigan, Whistling Straits is a massive, windswept landscape, as large a golf course as \$40 million can buy. It is...
Greek runners are suspended ATHENS -- Star sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou were suspended yesterday from the Greek Olympic team for missing drug tests, but their fate was left in the...
Throwbacks: Gannon, Collins in good form Rich Gannon , the 2002 NFL MVP who was knocked out of the Raiders' loss to Kansas City last Oct. 20 and had shoulder surgery in November, was 9 for 15 for 69...
Enough to make you flip Friday night came as close to an old-time local battle for viewers among Channels 4, 5, and 7 as we're likely to see. It was a throwback to pre-cable, pre-dish, and even...
For Revolution, this tie looks good WASHINGTON -- Rookie Andy Dorman didn't even have time to get his white, long-sleeved jersey smudged on the sloppy RFK Stadium field last night before salvaging a...
Sing Me Back Home matches track mark OCEANPORT, N.J. -- Sing Me Back Home pulled away in the stretch to win the \$60,000 Decathalon Handicap at Monmouth Park yesterday, equaling the track record for...
Haas in fine form HAVEN, Wis. -- If he were acting his age, Jay Haas would have had the weekend off, resting on his laurels and reaping the benefits of the nice-and-easy Champions Tour.
USC starts at the top Southern California greeted news of its first preseason No. 1 ranking since 1979 with ambivalence.
'Gardening' costs Appleby -- in spades HAVEN, Wis. -- For 18 holes, Stuart Appleby played flawless golf in yesterday's third round, four birdies and 14 pars. It wasn't until he was done playing that...
Hungarian GP, Qualifying Fifth and ninth for Fernando and Jarno following qualifying for tomorrow's Hungarian Grand Prix.
Budapest, Free Practice 3 and 4: A tight battle in store The teams have just finished their final preparations for the race and qualifying, in much lower temperatures than yesterday.
Overtaking at Budapest? Its possible The Renault F1 Team drivers explain how you can make up positions at the Hungarian circuit.
Budapest, Day 1: everythings on track The Renault F1 Team ran through its programme without worrying about the timesheets or its rivals. The focus has been on Sundays race, not Fridays glory.
Hungarian GP, Friday Round-Up Fernando tenth and Jarno seventeenth but no cause for concern, while Pat Symonds explains the challenges of Fridays at the race.
Redskins Get the Boot A fourth-quarter lead proves fleeting for the Redskins as John Kasay hits a 52-yard field goal Saturday to give the Panthers a 23-20 overtime win.
Trojans Open Up No. 1 Defending national champion USC begins the 2004 season right where it left off the year before - as the top ranked team in the AP Top 25 poll.
Offense Needs Work There were few offensive highlights during Virginia Tech's first scrimmage of fall practice on Saturday.
Huey Exits Early Treat Huey, the two-time All-Met Player of the year, suffered a 6-2, 6-0 loss to 29-year-old journeyman Mashiska Washington, the younger brother of former pro and 1996 Wimbledon...
True Sensation Wins A Wet One at Pimlico BALTIMORE, Aug. 14 -- Even before Hurricane Charley ranged up the East Coast and began to drop its drizzle on Pimlico Race Course, the \$75,000 All Brandy...
Lynx Infielder Fontenot Has 'Pretty Good Pop for His Size' At 5 feet 8, 160 pounds, second baseman Mike Fontenot looks more like the Class AAA Ottawa Lynx's batboy than one of the Baltimore Orioles'...
Australia, U.S. Set Record The U.S. women's and men's eights team both set world bests in the Olympic rowing competition Sunday along with Australian pair Sally Newmarch and Amber Halliday.
Phelps On Relay Team Michael Phelps is named to the 4x100-meter freestyle relay team that will compete in Sunday's final, keeping alive his quest for a possible eight Olympic gold medals.
Venezuelans Vote Early in Referendum on Chavez Rule (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuelans turned out early\and in large numbers on Sunday to vote in a historic referendum\that will either remove left-wing...
S.Koreans Clash with Police on Iraq Troop Dispatch (Reuters) Reuters - South Korean police used water cannon in\central Seoul Sunday to disperse at least 7,000 protesters\urging the government to...
Palestinians in Israeli Jails Start Hunger Strike (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of Palestinian\prisoners in Israeli jails began a hunger strike for better\conditions Sunday, but Israel's security...
Seven Georgian soldiers wounded as South Ossetia ceasefire violated (AFP) AFP - Sporadic gunfire and shelling took place overnight in the disputed Georgian region of South Ossetia in violation of a...
Rwandan Troops Arrive in Darfur (AP) AP - Dozens of Rwandan soldiers flew into Sudan's troubled Darfur region Sunday, the first foreign armed force deployed in the area since Arab militiamen began a...
Rwanda Troops Airlifted to Start AU Mission in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Rwandan troops were airlifted on Sunday\to Sudan's Darfur as the first foreign force there, mandated to\protect observers...
Bomb at India Independence Parade Kills 15 (AP) AP - A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in India's remote northeast Sunday, killing at least 15 people, including schoolchildren, while...
Australian FM to visit North Korea for talks on nuclear crisis (AFP) AFP - Australia's foreign minister will pay a rare visit to North Korea this week for talks on its nuclear programme after...
Kerry Campaign Helping With Fla. Recovery (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry does not plan to visit Florida in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley because he's concerned his...
Edwards Calls for Changes to Drug Plans (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards called for changes to prescription drug programs and praised running mate John Kerry's military...
Kerry leading Bush in key swing states (AFP) AFP - Although polls show the US presidential race a virtual dead heat, Democrat John Kerry appears to be gaining an edge over George W. Bush among the...
Democratic Senator Urges Energy Reform (AP) AP - Congress must pass legislation to protect the nation's electricity grid if it wants to avoid repeats of the devastating outages that rolled across...
Missouri Attorney General Sues EPA (AP) AP - Missouri's attorney general sued the federal environmental agency on Friday, saying it is behind on testing the state's air for lead as required by law.
Mortars Mark Opening of Iraqi Political Conference  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Insurgents fired mortars at a meeting  where Iraqi leaders met to pick an interim national assembly  Sunday, killing at least...
Japan Ministers Pay Homage at Shrine for War Dead  TOKYO (Reuters) - Three Japanese ministers paid homage at a  controversial shrine for war dead Sunday, the 59th anniversary  of Japan's World War II...
Najaf battle a crucial test for Allawi Clashes between US troops and Sadr militiamen escalated Thursday, as the US surrounded Najaf for possible siege.
Who are Ch #225;vez's opponents? On Sunday, Venezuelans will decide whether to cut short the president's term, which is due to end in 2006.
Eye on Athens, China stresses a 'frugal' 2008 Olympics Amid a reevaluation, officials this week pushed the completion date for venues back to 2007.
Tense Iraq debates new assembly Talks on setting up an Iraqi assembly continue despite fresh violence in Baghdad and the Shia stronghold of Najaf.
Venezuelans vote on Chavez rule A referendum is under way in Venezuela to decide if President Hugo Chavez should remain in office.
Pope celebrates Mass in Lourdes An ailing Pope John Paul II says Mass at Lourdes, the French shrine revered by Roman Catholics.
Rwandan soldiers arrive in Sudan Rwandan troops arrive in Sudan to help protect ceasefire monitors in the war-ravaged Darfur region.
Thorpe leads big guns Ian Thorpe sets the fastest time in the 200m freestyle as swimming's top names cruise into the semi-finals.
Mystery over judo 'protest' Iran's Arash Miresmaili withdraws from the Olympics amid confusion over his reasons.
Jackson probe 'should be public' Santa Barbara's sheriff asks a judge if he can release the results of an inquiry into Michael Jackson's treatment by police.
Rumsfeld warning for Iraq's Sadr The Iraq crisis and differences over Nato loom over the US Defence Secretary's meeting with his Russian counterpart.
South Ossetia ceasefire discussed Georgia and South Ossetia negotiate the details of a truce they forged, despite reports of a village attack.
'Mock executions' for UK hostage The British journalist who was kidnapped in Iraq says he faced mock executions and tried to escape his captors.
India carries out rare execution A man convicted of raping and killing a schoolgirl is hanged in India's first execution in nine years.
Rowling reads to gathered fans Harry Potter author JK Rowling delights a small group of fans by giving her first public reading in Scotland for four years.
President's fate is on the line in Venezuela CARACAS -- Partisans on both sides are calling it the most polarized and important election in Venezuela's history, a presidential recall referendum today...
Lamenting London's double-deckers Up-to-date buses supplant symbol LONDON -- On a sweltering August afternoon, George Watson wedged himself, his briefcase, his sports jacket, and his raincoat into a...
Clash among warlords casts doubt on Afghanistan's security KABUL, Afghanistan -- Rival militias clashed in western Afghanistan yesterday, reportedly killing 21 people and ramping up concern about...
Options running out as Najaf talks collapse BAGHDAD -- After more than a week of fighting between the Mahdi Army and the combined US and Iraqi forces in Najaf, Baghdad's Sadr City, and a half-dozen...
Japanese youths' rage fuels wave of violent crime SASEBO, Japan -- On a cloudless afternoon in this sleepy port city, an 11-year-old girl drenched in blood and clutching a box cutter walked into the...
NATO proclaims victory in Bosnia SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina -- When NATO forces first came to Bosnia nearly a decade ago, they lived in heavily guarded compounds, patrolled the streets in tanks,...
Koreans of mixed race tackle a prejudice SEOUL -- For years, Lee Yu Jin kept her secret. Whenever anybody asked -- and they did all the time as her celebrity as an actress and model spread -- she...
Venezuela Holds Referendum on President CARACAS, Venezuela - The opposition's long and bitter campaign to oust Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez finally came down to a recall referendum Sunday, with...
Floridians Return to Storm-Ravaged Homes PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - After getting a first look at the widespread damage left behind by Hurricane Charley, Florida residents were faced with the arduous task...
Charley May Not Spike Insurance Premiums MIAMI - Hurricane Charley probably will not cause Floridians' insurance premiums to skyrocket like 1992's Andrew, and fewer insurers should go bankrupt from...
Florida Residents Face Hurricane Wreckage PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - After getting a first look at the widespread damage left behind by Hurricane Charley, Florida residents were faced with the arduous task...
Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 Freestyle ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the...
Venezuela Opposition Holds Recall Vote CARACAS, Venezuela - The opposition's long and bitter campaign to oust Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez finally came down to a recall referendum Sunday, with...
Bomb at India Independence Parade Kills 15 NEW DELHI - A bomb exploded during an Independence Day parade in India's remote northeast on Sunday, killing at least 15 people, officials said, just an...
Memorial Service Held for Lori Hacking OREM, Utah - Family and friends of Lori Hacking gathered Saturday for a memorial service to remember the woman whom authorities believe was slain by her husband...
Phelps, Thorpe Advance in 200 Freestyle ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the...
Pilgrims Crowd Field for Mass With Pope LOURDES, France - A frail Pope John Paul II celebrated an open-air Mass on Sunday as several hundred thousand pilgrims, many in wheelchairs, crowded onto a...
Iraqi Troops to Take Lead in Fighting Militia Iraq will send troops to Najaf to battle a Shiite Muslim militia after peace talks collapsed between the government and Moqtada Sadr.
High Stakes Showdown in Najaf The fallout from Shiites fighting U.S. Marines in a holy city could weaken Iraq's new government
Strategies for a Sideways Market (Reuters) Reuters - The bulls and the bears are in this\together, scratching their heads and wondering what's going to\happen next.
Art Looks Like Fine Investment for Funds (Reuters) Reuters - Some mutual funds invest in stocks;\others invest in bonds. Now a new breed of funds is offering\the chance to own fine art.
Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Soaring crude prices plus worries\about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to\hang over the stock market this week during...
Strategies for a Sideways Market  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The bulls and the bears are in this  together, scratching their heads and wondering what's going to  happen next.
Art Looks Like Fine Investment for Funds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Some mutual funds invest in stocks;  others invest in bonds. Now a new breed of funds is offering  the chance to own fine art.
Oil and Economy Cloud Stocks' Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Soaring crude prices plus worries  about the economy and the outlook for earnings are expected to  hang over the stock market this week...
A Digital Doctor Treats Computer Contamination (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Before me lies the patient, a Gateway computer running Windows 98. It is suffering from extremely clogged...
Microsoft Lists Apps Affected by XP SP2 (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft has published a list of nearly 50 software programs that require tweaking in order to work with its most recent Windows...
Europe's Eel Population Collapsing (AP) AP - When a poacher with a baseball bat mugged Willem Dekker for his baby eels, it was further confirmation for the Dutch biologist that the species is in...
Genetic Material May Help Make Nano-Devices: Study (Reuters) Reuters - The genetic building blocks that\form the basis for life may also be used to build the tiny\machines of nanotechnology, U.S....
Progress Cargo Ship Launched From Russia (AP) AP - A Russian cargo ship loaded with supplies and equipment blasted off from the Baikonour cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Wednesday headed for the...
Computer Naivete Costs A Bundle The meltdown of my home computer was my fault, the result of having switched to a high-speed Internet connection without installing a firewall or heeding those pesky...
NASA Develops Robust Artificial Intelligence for Planetary Rovers NASA is planning to add a strong dose of artificial intelligence (AI) to planetary rovers to make them much more self-reliant,...
Science and President Bush Collide in Election Year With more than 4,000 scientists, including 48 Nobel Prize winners, having signed a statement opposing the Bush administration's use of scientific...
Hurricane Charley's Force Took Experts by Surprise By MARCIA DUNN     (AP) -- Hurricane Charley's 145-mph force took forecasters by surprise and showed just how shaky a science it still is to predict...
New Computer Games Teach Nutrition to Needy In an effort to educate the nation's neediest children on nutrition, a new project uses the familiar medium of video games to broadcast its message. The...
Sprint Set to Debut Video-Streaming Cell Phone OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (AP) -- Channel surfing is moving off the couch as Sprint Corp...
Kobe Bryant Due Back in Court Monday (AP) AP - With Kobe Bryant's sexual assault trial scheduled to begin in less than two weeks, speculation is mounting that prosecutors are looking for a way to...
Rangers Designate Bacsik for Assignment (AP) AP - Pitcher Mike Bacsik was designated for assignment by the Texas Rangers on Sunday after going 1-1 with a 4.60 ERA in three starts.
Arsenal Beats Everton to Extend Streak (AP) AP - Arsenal opened its defense of its English title with a 4-1 win at Everton on Sunday, making it 41 straight games without a loss in the Premier League.
Nadal Wins in Poland for First ATP Title (AP) AP - Spain's Rafael Nadal won his first ATP singles title Sunday, beating Argentina's Jose Acasuso 6-3, 6-4 in the final at the Idea Prokom Open.
Zahringer Leads Field at U.S. Amateur (AP) AP - George Zahringer III is back for another shot at the U.S. Amateur. The New Yorker is one of three returning quarterfinalists for the tournament, which...
Pau Edges Yao in Clash of the Giants  ATHENS (Reuters) - Spain's Pau Gasol got the better of  China's Yao Ming in Olympic basketball's own clash of the  giants Sunday.
Hamilton Sets Early Pace as Woods Struggles  KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - British Open champion Todd  Hamilton made the first significant move in the U.S. PGA  Championship final round Sunday as...
Iran Defies Olympic Spirit by Shunning Israel  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iran's world judo champion Arash  Miresmaeili refused to compete against an Israeli Sunday,  triggering a fresh crisis at the Olympic...
U.S. Softball Team Puts Australia in Its Place  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States kept itself firmly on  course for a third straight Olympic softball gold medal when it  thrashed Australia 10-0...
Schumacher Triumphs as Ferrari Clinches Title  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Michael Schumacher cruised to a record  12th win of the season in the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday to  hand his Ferrari team a...
Nearly 10 Million Afghans to Embrace Democracy (Reuters) Reuters - Thousands of U.S. troops in Afghanistan\may have failed to catch Osama bin Laden but they are credited\with encouraging millions of...
Mortars Mark Opening of Iraqi Political Conference (Reuters) Reuters - Insurgents fired mortars at a meeting\where Iraqi leaders met to pick an interim national assembly\Sunday, killing at least two...
Conference Gives Iraq Democracy First Test (AP) AP - Despite the steady clang of mortar shells outside and persistent violence in the country, many delegates at the opening on Sunday of Iraq's...
Countries Run Drills for Panana Attack (AP) AP - The U.S. Coast Guard boarded the ship in the choppy Caribbean waters and began counting crew members, but the numbers did not match those given...
Police push for surveillance fee on customers' phone, Internet bills (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's police chiefs propose a surcharge of about 25 cents on monthly telephone...
Bush should have tackled reform before naming CIA boss: lawmaker (AFP) AFP - The top Democrat on the House intelligence committee urged fellow lawmakers not to allow confirmation hearings on a new...
Venezuelans Rush to Vote in Referendum on Chavez  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back...
TV: Iraqi Kidnappers of Iran Envoy Want POWs Freed  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Kidnappers holding an Iranian diplomat  in Iraq will "punish" him within 48 hours if Iran does not  release 500 prisoners...
Nearly 10 Million Afghans to Embrace Democracy  KABUL (Reuters) - Thousands of U.S. troops in Afghanistan  may have failed to catch Osama bin Laden but they are credited  with encouraging millions of...
Rebranded Liechtenstein Welcomes Fresh Prince  VADUZ, Liechtenstein (Reuters) - The people of  Liechtenstein ushered in a new era Sunday as the tiny Alpine  principality welcomed a new ruler and...
France marks the 'other D-Day' Two days of celebrations to honour the Allied veterans who liberated southern France near a climax.
Phish farewell attracts thousands "Jam band" Phish play their last gigs together at a special festival in the US which has attracted thousands of fans.
Iraq troops move angers S Koreans Clashes with riot police erupt as thousands protest in Seoul against plans to send troops to help US-led forces in Iraq.
Bush Surveys Damage in Florida as Toll Is Expected to Mount Hurricane Charley - one of the most powerful storms in the nation's history - caused at least \$20 billion in damage in Florida alone.
Phelps, Rival Thorpe in 200M-Free Semis ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the...
Pope Struggles Through Mass at Lourdes LOURDES, France - A sick man among the sick, Pope John Paul II struggled through Sunday Mass at a French shrine that draws desperate people seeking miracle...
Singh, Leonard in Final Pairing at PGA HAVEN, Wis. - Whistling Straits is suddenly the least of anyone's worries...
Venezuela Voters Turn Out in Huge Numbers CARACAS, Venezuela - Voters turned out in huge numbers Sunday to decide whether to keep populist President Hugo Chavez in power or oust him and his social...
Reservists Say War Makes Them Lose Jobs WASHINGTON - Increasing numbers of National Guard and Reserve troops who have returned from war in Iraq and Afghanistan are encountering new battles with their...
Wildfire Sweeps by Old Calif. Mining Town REDDING, Calif. - A wind-fueled wildfire roared through an old mining town near Redding on Sunday, destroying 20 homes and forcing nearly 125 residents to...
Charley Damage Estimated at \$11 Billion PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - As Florida residents began sweeping up the wreckage left behind by Hurricane Charley, officials on Sunday estimated damages as high as...
Entertainment World Wary of Microsoft (AP) AP - CinemaNow Inc., the Internet-based movie service, is a rarity in Hollywood  #151; a company that eagerly embraces Microsoft Corp. technology and relies...
Cat Clones \\From CNN  (which didn't permalink this article so no PageRank for you!):\\"Baba Ganoush and Tabouli, the first cats cloned by chromatin transfer, tackle a\cat toy in San Francisco...
US NBA players become the Nightmare Team after epic loss (AFP) AFP - Call them the "Nightmare Team".
Report: Roenick Paid for Betting Tips (AP) AP - Flyers star Jeremy Roenick paid more than  #36;100,000 to a Florida firm that made millions selling betting tips to gamblers, law enforcement officials...
U.S. Basketball Team Loses to Puerto Rico  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States lost their first  basketball match at the Olympics since 1988 on Sunday when  Puerto Rico gave them a shock 92-73...
South Africa Ends Phelps Medal Quest  ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's  dream of winning a record eight gold medals at the Athens  Olympics with a stunning victory in the men's...
Iran Snub to Israel Challenges IOC  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iran defied the Olympic spirit on Sunday  by refusing to contest a judo bout with an Israeli at the  Athens Games, making no effort to hide the...
Romanian Gymnasts Edge Ahead of U.S. Women  ATHENS (Reuters) - Daniela Sofronie displayed all her  athleticism to edge Romania ahead of the United States in the  Olympic women's gymnastics team...
Roenick Paid for Betting Tips Flyers center Jeremy Roenick paid more than \$100,000 to a Florida firm that made millions selling betting tips to gamblers, law enforcement officials told The...
Parks Canada protest greets prime minister at closing of Acadian Congress (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GRAND PRE, N.S. (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin was met with a silent protest Sunday as...
Palestinians in Israeli Jails Start Hunger Strike  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Thousands of Palestinian  prisoners in Israeli jails began a hunger strike for better  conditions on Sunday, but...
Frail Pope Ends Tiring Lourdes Pilgrimage  LOURDES, France (Reuters) - Pope John Paul, a sick man  among the sick, wound up a emotional visit to this miracle  shrine Sunday and struggled with iron...
No Gold for Phelps As Relay Team Falters ATHENS, Greece - Mark Spitz can rest easy. The best Michael Phelps can do is win seven gold medals at these Olympics...
Dream Team Stunned by Puerto Rico 92-73 ATHENS, Greece - In an upset that was as historic as it was inevitable, the U.S. men's basketball team lost for only the third time ever in the Olympics on...
Roddick, Venus, Navratilova Win Openers (AP) AP - Bothered more by the wind and her wrist wrap than her opponent, defending gold medalist Venus Williams overpowered Melinda Czink of Hungary 6-1, 6-2...
American Duo Wins Opening Beach Volleyball Match  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Misty May gave team mate Kerri  Walsh an ideal 26th birthday present with an easy victory over  Japan in their opening...
Puerto Rico Upsets United States Men The United States men's basketball team lost to Puerto Rico, 92-73. The loss could put the American gold medal hopes in jeopardy.
Venezuelans Throng to Polls in Chavez Referendum  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back...
Schumacher Triumphs as Ferrari Seals Formula One Title  BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Michael Schumacher cruised to a record  12th win of the season in the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday to  hand his Ferrari...
Pope Struggles Through Mass at Lourdes (AP) AP - A sick man among the sick, Pope John Paul II struggled through Sunday Mass at a French shrine that draws desperate people seeking miracle cures. The...
Nicholls State Fires Football Coach (AP) AP - Nicholls State football coach Daryl Daye was fired Sunday over accusations of academic fraud involving players and an assistant coach. Daye was not...
Florida Starts Massive Hurricane Cleanup PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and...
Nicky Hilton Marries in Vegas LAS VEGAS - Hotel heiress Nicky Hilton married a New York money manager before dawn Sunday in an impromptu ceremony, according to court filings obtained by The...
Election-Year Rate Hike Puzzles Some WASHINGTON - Going against conventional wisdom, the Federal Reserve is raising interest rates in an election year. And it is Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan, a...
Explosions Echo Throughout Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as...
Venezuela Voters Turn Out in Huge Numbers CARACAS, Venezuela - Summoned by bugle calls and firecrackers, millions of Venezuelans turned out in unprecedented numbers Sunday to vote on whether to force...
Man Linked to N.J. Gov. Says He's Straight JERUSALEM - The Israeli man at the center of New Jersey Gov. James E...
Iraq Reaches Olympic Soccer Quarterfinals  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's fairytale Olympic run continued  on Sunday when they beat Costa Rica 2-0 to reach the  quarter-finals of the Athens Games.
No Gold for Phelps as Relay Team Falters South Africa won the gold medal Sunday in the men's 400-meter freestyle relay with a world-record time of 3 minutes 13.17 seconds.
I Confess.  I'm a Software Pirate. \\I'm guilty.  I'm a Software Pirate!  Not just one or two copies of DOS but\probably hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of software.\\Growing up my parents...
Venezuela Oil Official Predicts Stability (AP) AP - Venezuela's oil industry will enter a new period of stability and growth after Sunday's referendum on Hugo Chavez's presidency, the president of...
Funds: Are Bond Funds Hazardous?  (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds  for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr.  Willis.)
O's Beat Blue Jays With Eight-Run Eighth (AP) AP - David Newhan tied a career high with four hits, including a go-ahead double in Baltimore's eight-run eighth inning, and the Orioles rallied for an...
Italy on alert after purported Al-Qaeda ultimatum expires (AFP) AFP - Italy was on high alert as a group linked to Al-Qaeda reportedly threatened to attack, singling out Prime Minister Silvio...
Edwards Caps Intense Push in Iowa (AP) AP - Capping an intense 10-day competition for Iowa's seven electoral votes, Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards accused the Bush administration...
Two visions of Iraq struggle to take hold Fighting in Najaf threatened to undermine a conference to choose a national assembly.
Giants Top Phillies 3-1 to Finish Sweep (AP) AP - Brett Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month and helped San Francisco complete a three-game sweep of the...
South Africa Ends Phelps' Gold Medal Quest  ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's  dream of winning a record eight gold medals in a dramatic and  controversial day of swimming at...
Johnson Helps D - Backs End Nine - Game Slide NEW YORK (AP) -- Randy Johnson took a four-hitter into the ninth inning to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game losing streak Sunday, beating...
Perry Out for Season Eagles running back Bruce Perry will miss his rookie season after dislocating a shoulder in an exhibition game against the New England Patriots.
Millions Wait Hours in Venezuela to Vote in Recall Election The unprecedented vote was sluggish as huge crowds lined up at voting booths. Results were not expected until 8 p.m., or later.
Leonard Forges Two Clear with Nine to Play at PGA  KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - American Justin Leonard  stayed on track for his second major title in the U.S. PGA  Championship final round on...
'Alien Vs. Predator' Smacks Down Rivals LOS ANGELES - Movie-goers were easy prey for a double dose of space invaders. The sci-fi smackdown "Alien vs...
U.S. Men Stunned by Puerto Rico, 92-73 ATHENS, Greece - In an upset as historic as it was inevitable, Tim Duncan, Allen Iverson and the rest of the U.S. basketball team lost 92-73 to Puerto Rico on...
49ers' Beasley Could Miss Several Weeks (AP) AP - Fullback Fred Beasley could be sidelined until the 49ers' season opener Sept. 12 against the Atlanta Falcons with a high left ankle sprain.
Dodgers Rally in 8th to Defeat Cubs 8-5 (AP) AP - Adrian Beltre and Shawn Green homered, and Steve Finley hit a go-ahead RBI single in the eighth inning as the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for an 8-5...
UN Weighs Situation in Burundi Following Massacre  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council met in  emergency session concerning Burundi on Sunday following the  massacre of more than 150...
Cold Winters Slow Northeast Hemlock Pest (AP) AP - New England's bitterly cold winters may be hard on people, but they have been even harder on an Asian insect that's threatening to destroy hemlocks,...
Teen Is First Black National USTA Champion (AP) AP - Scoville Jenkins, a 17-year-old from Atlanta, became the first black to win the 18s singles championship of the U.S. Tennis Association Boys...
Rwanda Troops Start AU Mission in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Rwandan troops arrived in\Darfur Sunday as the first foreign force there, mandated to\protect observers monitoring a shaky cease-fire...
Rwanda Troops Start AU Mission in Darfur  EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Rwandan troops arrived in  Darfur Sunday as the first foreign force there, mandated to  protect observers monitoring a shaky...
Marlins Beat Brewers 5-3 in 10 Innings (AP) AP - Luis Castillo tied the score with a ninth-inning single, and pinch-hitter Damion Easley hit a two-run double in the 10th inning that led the Florida...
U.S. Soldiers Battle Shiites in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as...
NL Wrap: Johnson Fans 14 Mets as Arizona Snaps Slide (Reuters) Reuters - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in\8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game\losing streak with a 2-0...
NL Wrap: Johnson Fans 14 Mets as Arizona Snaps Slide  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in  8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game  losing streak with a...
New U.N. Official Assumes Kosovo Control (AP) AP - The new U.N. administrator for Kosovo took control Sunday of the Serbian province, which has remained deeply divided along ethnic lines since the...
Venezuelans Line Up to Vote on Chavez CARACAS, Venezuela - Summoned by bugle calls and the detonations of huge firecrackers, Venezuelans turned out in unprecedented numbers Sunday to vote on whether...
AL Wrap: Koskie Slugs Homer in 10th as Twins Edge Indians  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Koskie clubbed a two-run homer  in the top of the 10th inning to help the Minnesota Twins hold  on to first place...
Whistling Straits Proves It's Major League Whistling Straits has received magnificent reviews during the P.G.A. Championship, which is currently in a three-man playoff between Justin Leonard, Vijay...
Puerto Rico Stuns U.S. in Opening Round Puerto Rico upsets the United States, 92-73, at the men's basketball preliminaries on Sunday, the first loss at the Games for the three-time defending gold...
Monday Morning The regular Monday Morning contributors will return to this page next week, as will the weekly poll.
Homer Sinks Indians Corey Koskie hit a two-run homer in the 10th inning as the Twins overcame a two-run deficit for a 4-2 win Sunday, giving them a two-game lead over the second-place Indians.
Despite Setbacks, Stahl Maintains Healthy Dose of Optimism At 23, pitcher Richard Stahl knows there's still time to impress the Baltimore Orioles' front office. He just needs to stay on the mound...
AL Wrap: Koskie Slugs Homer in 10th as Twins Edge Indians (Reuters) Reuters - Corey Koskie clubbed a two-run homer\in the top of the 10th inning to help the Minnesota Twins hold\on to first place in...
Venezuela Voters Crowd Polls in Chavez Referendum  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelans crowded polling  stations on Sunday to vote on whether to recall left-wing  President Hugo Chavez or back...
Device 'may aid kidney dialysis' Scientists are developing a device which could improve the lives of kidney dialysis patients.
Shippers: Venezuela Oil Unfazed by Poll  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Oil exports by Venezuela  have not been disturbed by the referendum on the rule of  President Hugo Chavez, shipping sources...
Singh Wins PGA Championship in Playoff (AP) AP - The only birdie Vijay Singh made all day was the only one that mattered. All but counted out of the PGA Championship with a putter that failed him,...
Singh Snares PGA Title Vijay Singh outlasts Justin Leonard and Chris DiMarco in a three-way playoff to win the PGA Championship on Sunday at Whistling Straits in Haven, Wisconsin.
U.S. Battles Shiites in Iraqi Holy City (AP) AP - U.S. tanks and troops rolled back into the center of Najaf and battled with Shiite militants Sunday, reigniting violence in the holy city just as...
Rumsfeld Briefs Russia on Shift of Forces WASHINGTON - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld briefed his Russian counterpart over the weekend on U.S. plans to shift its forces stationed around the globe,...
China's Panchen Lama visits Tibet The boy named by the Chinese authorities as the 11th Panchen Lama visits a temple in Tibet.
DiMarco, Riley Play Way Into Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Chris DiMarco and Chris Riley faced knee-knocking pressure in the last round of the PGA Championship. And what did they get for their efforts? More of...
Bomb Kills 16 During Indian Celebration A powerful bomb killed at least 16 people, many of them schoolchildren, and wounded about 40 others as they assembled for an Independence Day parade Sunday in...
Shippers: Venezuela Oil Unfazed by Poll (Reuters) Reuters - Oil exports by Venezuela\have not been disturbed by the referendum on the rule of\President Hugo Chavez, shipping sources said late Sunday.
Phelps' Quest to Win 8 Gold Medals Ends (AP) AP - Michael Phelps surely didn't bargain for this. His quest to win eight gold medals is over, doomed by America's worst showing in the 400-meter...
Nhleko Scores As Burn Beat MetroStars 1-0 (AP) AP - Reserve forward Toni Nhleko knocked in a header one minute into stoppage time, leading the Dallas Burn to a 1-0 victory over the first-place...
Rwandan troops arrive in Darfur as president vows force to protect civilians (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - AL-FASHER, Sudan (AP) - Dozens of Rwandan soldiers arrived in Sudan's troubled Darfur...
Dollar Falls to Fresh Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar fell to a fresh four-week low\versus the euro on Monday after a widening of the U.S. trade\gap to record levels raised worries about...
Nikkei Falls Over 1 Pct on Oil Worries  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell more than one percent  by mid-morning on Monday as investors stepped up selling of  exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp....
The Region's Highest-Paid Executives Pay for the Washington area's top executives rose significantly last year, reversing the downward trend that set in with the recession in 2001.
As XM Stock Recovered, Executives' Pay Modest Thanks to the SEC, shareholders now get a long-term picture of how their stock is doing, which helps in evaluating executive pay.
Lucrative Cash Package Came as Fairchild Reported \$53.2 Million Loss  For Jeffrey J. Steiner, chairman and chief executive of Fairchild Corp., nearly \$2.5 million in salary last year was just the...
Board Members, Executives and Family Members Can Still Benefit  Many of Corporate Washington's executives and board members have side deals with the companies they oversee.
Survey Estimates Values of Options, Excludes Exercises Figuring out how much executives get paid can be like predicting the weather -- an inexact science.
Government Spending Up Sharply Locally  Federal procurement spending in the Washington area rose last year at its highest rate since the 1980s, according to a study to be released today, creating...
Woods Comes Up Empty, but Still No. 1 (AP) AP - Tiger Woods came up empty in a major again, but he's still the No. 1 ranked player in the world.
Tennessee Tech's Worrell Extends Contract (AP) AP - Longtime Tennessee Tech women's basketball coach Bill Worrell has agreed to a new three-year contract with the option for three more years, the...
Brad Ott Gets First Nationwide Victory (AP) AP - Brad Ott shot an 8-under 64 on Sunday to win the Nationwide Tour's Price Cutter Charity Championship for his first Nationwide victory.
Snow Storms Blanket Southern New Zealand (AP) AP - Snow storms isolated New Zealand's fourth biggest city of Dunedin on Monday, closing major roads, shutting schools and factories, and freezing...
Swimming showdown Ian Thorpe and Michael Phelps will chase gold in the men's 200m freestyle on day three of the Olympics.
Puerto Rico Stuns Dream Team, 92-73 ATHENS, Greece - In an upset as historic as it was inevitable, Tim Duncan, Allen Iverson and the rest of the U.S. basketball team lost 92-73 to Puerto Rico on...
Scrimmage Gets Ugly Ralph Friedgen used a four-letter word to describe his Maryland team's offensive performance in Sunday's practice: blah.
Schumacher Sets Mark Michael Schumacher won the Hungarian Grand Prix Sunday in Budapest, setting yet another record by becoming the first Formula One driver with 12 victories in a season.
Business Is Business When it comes to qualifying for the main draw of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic, Robert Kendrick knows that survival takes precedence and friendships are put on hold.
Iraqi Conference on Election Plan Sinks Into Chaos The conference was thrown into disorder by delegates staging protests against the U.S.-led military operation in Najaf.
F.B.I. Goes Knocking for Political Troublemakers The F.B.I. has been questioning demonstrators in an effort to forestall violent protests at the Republican National Convention.
Nikkei Falls Over 1 Pct on Oil Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei fell more than one percent\by mid-morning on Monday as investors stepped up selling of\exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp....
Falcons' Kerney Sprains Knee in Practice (AP) AP - Atlanta Falcons defensive end Patrick Kerney sprained his right knee in practice on Sunday when a lineman rolled on his leg.
McGahee Helps Bills Beat Broncos 16-6 (AP) AP - This is what everyone was waiting for from Willis McGahee. After 19 months of recuperation and countless questions about the strength of his left knee,...
Tropical Storm Earl Hits Caribbean Isles ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Tropical Storm Earl unleashed heavy rains and violent winds that felled trees and ripped off roofs Sunday in the eastern Caribbean,...
Report: Michael Jackson Not 'Manhandled' LOS ANGELES - The state attorney general's office has concluded that Michael Jackson was not "manhandled" by sheriff's deputies who took him into custody last...
Democrats Pressure McGreevey to Leave Soon TRENTON, N.J. - High-level New Jersey Democrats said Sunday that pressure is building among members of Gov...
Bush Vows Rapid Aid to Hurricane Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Residents left homeless by Hurricane Charley's 145 mph winds dug through their ravaged homes on Sunday, sweeping up shattered glass and...
Nikkei Down at Midday on Oil Worries  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 1.66 percent by  midday on Monday, extending losses into a third day as growing  fears about the impact of surging oil...
Dell Exits Low-End China Consumer PC Market (Reuters) Reuters - Dell Inc. (DELL.O), the world's\largest PC maker, said on Monday it has left the low-end\consumer PC market in China and cut its...
Singh Wins Playoff and P.G.A. Title Several players outplayed Vijay Singh on Sunday, but nobody outlasted him at the 86th P.G.A. Championship.
Caterpillar Union Rejects Contract Offer  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Auto Workers (UAW) said its  members at Caterpillar Inc on Sunday voted to reject the  construction equipment maker's contract...
NYMEX Crude Hits Record \$46.76  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NYMEX crude oil futures &lt;CLc1&gt; hit a  new record of \$46.76 on Monday on worries about possible unrest  and disruption to oil supply as...
Singh Wins Playoff to Seize Third Major Title  KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching...
South Korea Warns of Possible North Terrorism (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea is threatening to use\terrorism against the South, Seoul's intelligence agency said\in a rare public advisory on Monday,...
Afghans Hail Chance for a Choice BAZARAK, Afghanistan&lt;br&gt;Like virtually every adult in this Panjshir Valley village, Rahmal Beg registered to vote weeks ago. Indeed, popular enthusiasm is so...
Caterpillar Union Rejects Contract Offer  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The main union at Caterpillar Inc. said  its members voted on Sunday to reject the construction  equipment maker's contract proposal, the...
GM's Made-In-China Cadillacs in Early '05  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - General Motors, the world's largest  automaker, will start selling its first made-in-China Cadillacs  in early 2005 in a market it...
Gas Prices Drop, but Increase Expected CAMARILLO, Calif. - Gas prices have dropped nearly 5 cents in the past three weeks with an increase in supply, but soaring crude oil prices could cause rates to...
Funk Still Gets Cup Spot Though Fred Funk had been rather morose after missing the cut by a stroke in the 86th PGA Championship on Friday, there was great joy on Sunday.
Report: U.S. to Approve Sale of Aegis Ships to Taiwan (Reuters) Reuters - The United States will announce the sale\of four Aegis missile-defense warships to Taiwan next year with\delivery likely to...
Nikkei Down, Oil Worries Hit Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei fell 1.66 percent by\midday on Monday, extending losses into a third day as another\surge in oil prices deepened worries...
Report: U.S. to Approve Sale of Aegis Ships to Taiwan  TAIPEI (Reuters) - The United States will announce the sale  of four Aegis missile-defense warships to Taiwan next year with  delivery likely to...
Wal-Mart Tries to Shine Its Image by Supporting Public Broadcasting Wal-Mart, stung by criticism of its business tactics, is working to improve its image by supporting public broadcasting.
Muddling Through (or Not): Mid-2004 Update on the Philippines Looks like the Philippines, despite itself, has survived the election without excessive violence, major civil unrest, or untoward People...
Unseeded Vaidisova Wins Vancouver Open (AP) AP - Unseeded teenager Nicole Vaidisova defeated American Laura Granville 2-6, 6-4, 6-2 in the final of the Vancouver Open on Sunday.
F.B.I. Goes Knocking for Political Troublemakers The F.B.I. has been questioning demonstrators in an effort to forestall violent protests at the Republican convention.
Sybase looks ahead to RFID The database and mobile software company is set to reveal details on updates to its flagship products and outline RFID plans.
Nanotech funding to grow to \$8.6 billion Spending on research will more than double this year, with a growing amount coming from the private sector.
Gateway lands on another retailer's shelves Company is set to sell desktops on CompUSA's shelves, providing more competition for HP.
Cardinals Ride Rolen Scott Rolen homered twice to become the first NL player to reach 100 RBIs this season as the St. Louis Cardinals downed the Atlanta Braves, 10-4, on Sunday night.
Braves Hum Along Braves General Manager John Schuerholz shuffled his deck more than usual this past offseason so doubts were high. Such a challenge makes this season all the sweeter.
Tibet's Second-Holiest Monk Makes Rare Lhasa Visit (Reuters) Reuters - Tibet's second-holiest monk, the Panchen\Lama, has visited Lhasa on a rare trip to the Himalayan region\by the living Buddha,...
Greek duo could miss drugs hearing Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou may not be fit enough to attend the hearing into their missed drugs test.
Package prompts US embassy alert An unidentified substance  sent to the US embassy in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur leads to a security scare.
Don't Fear Internet Anonymity Tools (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - There are lots of good reasons for 'net anonymity.
Time Is Now for Linux Vendors to Protect Users (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: It's time for other Linux vendors to follow Red Hat's lead and offer patent infringement protection to their...
Self-Healing Tech Could Boost IBM's Yield (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Designed to let processors adjust themselves dynamically in response to problems or systems demands without human intervention, the...
Emergency defers Maldives debate A parliamentary session due to have begun on Monday in the Maldives has been postponed indefinitely.
Tigers reject Sri Lanka counter proposal to revive talks (AFP) AFP - Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels said they will spurn any new government proposals to revive peace talks not giving them self-rule...
In Google's Auction, It's Not Easy to Tell a Bid From a Bet In a competition combining suspense and strategy, countless brave souls are hoping to buy a small piece of Google in an auction this week.
Suspicious Powder Found at U.S. Embassy in Malaysia  KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Suspicious white powder has been  found in an envelope that arrived at the U.S. embassy in  Malaysia and three staff...
Nikkei Hits 3-Mth Closing Low  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.65 percent  to a fresh three-month closing low on Monday as crude oil  prices again hit record highs in Asian trading...
DiMarco, Riley Get on Ryder Cup Team (AP) AP - Hal Sutton had a good idea what kind of U.S. team he would take to the Ryder Cup. All that changed in the final round of the PGA Championship.
Chinese dig for villagers buried under landslides after deadly typhoon (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SHANGHAI, China (AP) - Villagers in an eastern province dug with farm tools Monday to search...
Americans appear in Kabul trial The second hearing in the trial of three Americans accused of torture and running a jail begins in Kabul.
Stocks Fall as Oil Hits High  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Exporters led a fall in Asian shares  on Monday as oil prices set new highs near \$47 and data showing  the U.S. trade deficit widened to a record...
Stocks Fall as Oil Hits High (Reuters) Reuters - Exporters led a fall in Asian shares\on Monday as oil prices set new highs near  #36;47 and data showing\the U.S. trade deficit widened to a record...
Israel Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike (Reuters) Reuters - Israel declared psychological war on\hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners on Monday, saying it\would barbecue meat outside their...
Two Chinese salesman gunned down in Thailand's restive south (AFP) AFP - Two Chinese travelling salesmen have been gunned down in southern Thailand as part of separatist violence which has claimed...
Israel Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel declared psychological war on  hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners on Monday, saying it  would barbecue meat outside...
Iranian economic reform falters The Iranian parliament votes against key parts of a reform plan aimed at opening the economy to foreign investment.
Space-age sport  GPS is invading recreational sports. Under clear skies, those signals beaming to earth from satellites can find you on a hilly running trail, in a kayak on the ocean, or on a green...
Eyes tired? Musical alerts ease computer user #146;s day What was the last sound your computer made? It may have emitted a chime when e-mail arrived, or a heraldic swish when you started up Windows.
As money-raisers, 2004 #146;s initial offerings fall short When Inhibitex Inc. set the terms of its initial public offering in March, it thought it was being conservative, expecting shares to sell...
Internet publishing attracting academics BALTIMORE -- Manuel Llinas knew his career was at stake. The young scientist had just finished work on an eye-catching paper on the genome of a parasite that...
Computers with multiple personalities The jury's still out on whether a computer can ever truly be intelligent, but there's no question that it can have multiple personalities. It's just a matter of...
Paint it bleak If the Rolling Stones were hired to write the theme song for this year's Red Sox, the group might overhaul one of their classics. Instead of  quot;Satisfaction, quot; they could go...
He #146;s not short on confidence It's a case he could have made more convincingly with something other than a half-swing tapper to the pitcher for the final out of yet another in a seemingly endless...
Pronger opts out of World Cup Names Chris Pronger of the St. Louis Blues pulled out of the World Cup of Hockey yesterday with an undisclosed injury, and was replaced on the Canadian team by Jay...
Giants finish off Phillies Brett Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month, and the San Francisco Giants closed in on the wild-card lead with a 3-1 victory over the...
Texas goes wild The Red Sox have company atop the wild-card standings. In Arlington, Texas, Laynce Nix homered and drove in three runs, including a tiebreaking sacrifice fly, and the Rangers beat the...
49ers #146; Beasley out till opener The cheers went up the instant Willis McGahee took the field. How's that for pressure?
At least Light #146;s sense of humor still intact FOXBOROUGH -- Matt Light lost his appendix this summer and, as a result, quite a few pounds, but he didn't lose one ounce of his wit.
Dorman #146;s been dandy of late Revolution coach Steve Nicol is not taking credit for the emergence of Andy Dorman. But Nicol's tactical moves helped place Dorman in a position to score his first...
Sudan refugees report new attacks More Sudanese refugees flee across the border into Chad following reports of renewed violence in the Darfur region.
Bomb at parade in India leaves 16 dead, 40 hurt NEW DELHI -- A powerful bomb killed at least 16 people, many of them schoolchildren, and wounded about 40 others as they assembled for an Independence...
Israeli speaks out on McGreevey JERUSALEM -- The Israeli man at the center of the resignation of New Jersey's governor, James E. McGreevey, over a gay affair said in an interview published yesterday...
France remembers WWII Riviera mission ABOARD THE CHARLES DE GAULLE -- France yesterday honored soldiers, including tens of thousands of Africans, who staged an assault on the French Riviera 60 years...
Pope struggles at shrine Mass LOURDES, France -- A sick man among the sick, Pope John Paul II struggled yesterday through Sunday Mass at a French shrine that draws desperate people seeking miracle...
Uncertainty as Venezuela Awaits Referendum Result  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Three Venezuelan government  ministers said on Monday President Hugo Chavez had easily  survived a referendum on...
Watchdog attacks ID card scheme Proposals for identity cards and a population register are opposed by Britain's information watchdog.
Ebookers sees 'encouraging' signs Internet-based holiday company Ebookers says second-quarter loses have been cut compared with the same period a year ago.
Chavez Wins Venezuela Referendum-Official Results (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuelan President Hugo\Chavez has survived a referendum to recall him, according to\results released by electoral authorities...
US embassy in Malaysia in 'anthrax scare' (AFP) AFP - Malaysian emergency services rushed to the tightly-guarded US embassy in Kuala Lumpur after a powder which police said could be anthrax was found...
UN creates game to tackle hunger A forthcoming video game aims to educate children about the global fight against hunger.
Chavez Wins Venezuela Referendum-Preliminary Result  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuelan President Hugo  Chavez has survived a referendum to recall him, according to  preliminary results...
Oil Prices Hit Record (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices jumped to a new record\high near  #36;47 on Monday with traders on tenterhooks for the\result of Venezuela's weekend referendum and Iraq's...
They flocked from Games ATHENS -- During yesterday's celebration of the assumption of the Virgin Mary, the Greek orthodox clergy had a stern reminder for the organizers of the Olympic Games: No...
Ginobili gives Argentina big lift at the buzzer Manu Ginobili's off-balance shot left his hand just a split-second before the final buzzer, dropping through the basket to give Argentina an 83-82...
Stewart spoils upset bid Sports car ace Ron Fellows nearly pulled off what arguably would have been the biggest upset in NASCAR history, finishing second after starting last yesterday at Watkins Glen...
US eights glide to finals in record times The US men's and women's eights pulled off huge victories in yesterday's Olympic rowing heats, each setting world bests to advance directly to Sunday's...
Phelps #146;s quest for 8 golds goes under ATHENS -- The evening began on a down note for the US swimming team, and descended from there. First, world champion Jenny Thompson struggled home fifth in...
Azevedo shot does trick Tony Azevedo whizzed a last-second shot past Croatian goalkeeper Frano Vican to give the American water polo team a 7-6 victory in its tournament opener yesterday.
US team kicks over this result ATHENS -- Did Japan's Kosuke Kitajima break the rules when he beat world record-holder Brendan Hansen by 17-100ths of a second in yesterday's Olympic 100-meter...
Clout shown in rout ATHENS -- When the Olympic softball schedule was released, Lisa Fernandez grabbed a marker and began counting down the days.  quot;This game is always on my calendar, quot; she...
Punching his way forward ATHENS -- There's only room for one Cinderella in a boxing ring. That was the sad lesson Andre Berto learned last night as his long road to the Olympic Games came to an...
Fighting rages in South Ossetia Heavy fighting erupts in Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region, shattering a two-day ceasefire.
Sprint Puts Streaming Media on Phones PCS Vision Multimedia streams faster video plus audio channels to Samsung phone.
Phelps, Thorpe Face Dutch Threat  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, one gold won but one of  his eight title chances now lost, takes on Ian Thorpe and  Pieter van den Hoogenband in their...
Liechtenstein royals swap power Liechtenstein's Prince Hans-Adam hands over power to his son and invites the whole nation to a garden party.
Venezuelan President Survives Recall Vote CARACAS, Venezuela - President Hugo Chavez appeared to have survived a popular referendum to oust him, according to early results Monday, while Venezuela's...
Rescue Teams Aid Hurricane Charley Victims PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops were scattered across Florida to help residents rally from the brunt...
Journalist, Translator Missing in Iraq (AP) AP - A French-American journalist has disappeared along with his Iraqi translator in the southern Iraqi city of Nasiriyah, the provincial deputy governor...
Prudential drops bid for S.Korean assest managing firm (AFP) AFP - A consortium led by British insurer Prudential PLC has dropped its bid for a major South Korean state asset managing company.
Bush Plans to Withdraw Troops From Abroad (AP) AP - President Bush's plan to call tens of thousands of U.S. troops home from Europe and Asia could gain him election-year applause from military...
Pair tell of 'Falconio' sighting Two witnesses tell an Australian court they saw UK backpacker Peter Falconio more than a week after he disappeared.
'Virtual' repairs for Cutty Sark Digital models of an historic ship are created as part of its restoration to test if it will survive the process.
Mass. Republicans Eye Kerry's Senate Seat (AP) AP - Massachusetts Republicans, while supportive of President Bush's re-election, are mindful of the opportunity created should John Kerry beat him in...
Swatch tax complaint dismissed US officials dismiss claims of tax evasion levelled at watchmaker Swatch by two former employees.
Small firms struggle as oil soars Small manufacturers in the UK are struggling in the face of soaring oil prices and higher interest rates, the CBI says.
Microsoft takes down SP2 swappers Microsoft is stopping people getting hold of a key security update via net-based file- sharing systems.
Symantec Readies Patching Tool ON IPatch monitors, ensures networked Windows systems are current in midsize businesss.
Panchen Lama Visits Tibet Capital (AP) AP - The boy chosen by the Chinese government as the reincarnation of the Panchen Lama was greeted warmly by dozens of monks when he visited Tibet's most sacred...
BearingPoint Wins ID Project at TSA BearingPoint Inc. of McLean won a \$12 million contract from the Transportation Security Administration to begin the third phase in the agency's program to create...
Government Spending Up Sharply Locally Federal procurement spending in the Washington area rose last year at its highest rate since the 1980s, according to a study to be released today, creating tens...
Expense Issue Draws Mixed Views From Companies The debate over whether companies should  treat stock options as an expense draws mixed reactions from Washington area businesses, some of which have a...
Palestinian Prisoners Launch Hunger Strike JERUSALEM - More than a thousand Palestinian prisoners went on a hunger strike to press for better conditions, but Israel responded by tightening inmate...
Europe and US in aircraft aid row The European Commission and President George Bush are in a war of words over subsidies given to aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing.
Ex-Chess Champion Fischer to Marry Japanese Woman  TOKYO (Reuters) - In a bold gambit worthy of the chess  champion he once was, Bobby Fischer plans to wed a four-time  Japan great in the hope of...
Rogue proteins give yeast an edge Rogue proteins that behave like those linked to vCJD and Alzheimer's can give yeast a survival advantage.
Twins Rally to Beat Indians in 10 Innings (AP) AP - The Minnesota Twins left Cleveland clinging to first place in the AL Central  #151; and already looking ahead to their next showdown with the...
Doping-Greek Sprint Duo's Hearing Postponed  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and  Katerina Thanou won a two-day reprieve at the Athens Olympics  when a disciplinary hearing...
Why cyberscofflaws get off easy CNET News.com's Declan McCullagh explains why convicted virus and worm authors are more likely to do Club Fed than hard time.
Pakistan still supporting Kashmiri rebels: Indian Home Ministry (AFP) AFP - Pakistan continues to support Islamic insurgency in Kashmir and will use militant attacks to influence ongoing peace talks...
Lowe's Second-Quarter Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Lowe's Cos. (LOW.N), the second-largest\home improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc. (HD.N), on\Monday said quarterly profit rose, but...
Stocks Seen Little Changed; Oil Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks are seen opening little changed  on Monday as crude prices remain high, but insurers may dip on  worries about their potential...
Lowe's Second-Quarter Profit Rises  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;LOW.N&gt;, the second-largest  home improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc. &lt;HD.N&gt;, on  Monday said quarterly profit...
Oil Prices Hold Near Record  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices simmered near fresh highs  Monday even though early reports of victory for Venezuelan  President Hugo Chavez in a referendum on his rule...
BA workers approve holiday strike British Airways workers plan to strike for 24 hours during the August Bank Holiday weekend unless a pay row is settled, the GMB union said.
Doping Probe of Greeks Staggers Toward Farce  ATHENS (Reuters) - A doping probe that has dogged the host  country's Olympic Games staggered toward farce on Monday when a  hearing involving Greece's...
Lowe's 2Q Earnings Higher on Home Market (AP) AP - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos. reported Monday that a robust housing market drove second-quarter earnings higher year-over-year, but results...
Sri Lanka hit by oil strike Workers at Sri Lanka's main oil company end a two-day strike, held in protest at government plans to sell more of the company.
Internet calls add foreign accent (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - In the digital age, the next best thing to being there might be this: a French phone number.
FCC mobile spam rule doesn't cover some SMS (MacCentral) MacCentral - A rule prohibiting mobile-phone spam adopted by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) earlier this month doesn't...
Ky. Professor Looks to Set Up Telescope (AP) AP - A University of Kentucky professor is pushing to set up a telescope in Australia that students could use via the Internet.
Survival of software's fittest Darwin may work in the flat enterprise software market--mergers and acquisitions are expected to increase the clout of leading firms.
Playing the convergence game Sony and Microsoft confront consumer apathy as they attempt to turn game consoles into multipurpose entertainment gadgets.
Singh Wins Playoff to Seize Third Major Title  KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching the...
Williams Has No Problem Running with Jones  ATHENS (Reuters) - American sprinter Lauryn Williams said  on Monday she would have no problem competing on the same team  as Marion Jones in the Olympic...
Moya Tames Olympic Wind and Enqvist; Dementieva Out  ATHENS (Reuters) - Spanish third seed Carlos Moya tamed a  swirling wind and dogged Swedish opponent Thomas Enqvist to  reach the second round of...
Britain 'sleepwalking' into big-brother state, watchdog warns (AFP) AFP - Britain is "sleepwalking into a surveillance society" because of government plans to introduce ID cards and a population...
India urges Bangladesh not to kill stray elephants (Reuters) Reuters - Authorities in northeast India urged Bangladesh on Monday not to kill about 100 wild elephants that have strayed across the...
Israel Turns Up Heat on Palestinian Hunger Strike  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel declared psychological war on  hunger-striking Palestinian prisoners Monday, saying it would  barbecue meat outside...
Cost Cuts Boost Kmart Quarterly Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O) on Monday\reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts\made up for slumping sales, and its cash...
Cost Cuts Boost Kmart Quarterly Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts  made up for slumping sales, and...
Wall Street to Open Little Changed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is seen opening little  changed on Monday as crude prices remain high, but insurers may  dip on worries about their potential...
Sysco Profit Rises; Sales Have Slowed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sysco Corp. &lt;SYY.N&gt;, the largest U.S.  distributor of food to restaurants and hospitals, on Monday  said quarterly profit rose as an...
Lowe's Profit Rises But Trails Estimates  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;LOW.N&gt;, the No. 2 home  improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc., on Monday reported  an 18 percent increase in...
Kmart Swings to Second-Quarter Profit (AP) AP - Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. reported Monday that the company swung to a profit in the second quarter, but same-store sales were still in...
Vodafone names former rival as new head of Japanese unit (AFP) AFP - British mobile phone operator Vodafone said it has brought in an executive from Japanese rival NTT DoCoMo to head up its...
Cheap Windows comes under fire Microsoft's attempt to win over new users with a cut-down edition of Windows comes in for strong criticism.
Wal-Mart Maintains August Sales Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N) on Monday\maintained its August sales forecast and said demand was\particularly strong in the U.S. Southeast...
Cost Cuts Help Kmart Post Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts  made up for slumping sales, and its...
China's Red Flag Linux to focus on enterprise The company behind China's leading Linux client distribution, Red Flag Software Co. Ltd., is shifting its main focus to its server operating system and...
Symantec releases patching tool Security company Symantec Corp. plans to announce the release of a patch management product on Monday that it says will enable small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs)...
Chavez Claims Victory in Referendum on His Rule Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez won backing from 58 percent of voters, with 94 percent of electoral rolls counted, in a referendum on whether to...
U.S. Tries to Rebound From Loss in Athens (AP) AP - Greetings from the Olympic men's basketball tournament, where America is tied for last place with Angola, Australia, New Zealand, China and the...
Olympian on Briton death charge An Olympic sailor is charged with the manslaughter of a Briton who died after being hit by a car in Athens.
AccuRev touts software configuration management approach AccuRev on Monday will release an upgrade to its SCM (software configuration management) package that the company argues offers a superior...
End of the line for HP's Alpha processor Hewlett-Packard Co. will release the final processor upgrade for its AlphaServer line of Unix servers on Monday.
HP pushes parity for Itanium, PA-RISC servers At its annual HP World user conference in Chicago this week, Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) will announce a number of enhancements to its HP-UX operating...
Darfur Displaced Return to 'Live in Fear' of Militia (Reuters) Reuters - Villagers returning to their\homes in Sudan's Darfur region are living in fear of the Arab\militiamen who initially drove them...
Sudan Trying to Keep Darfur Promises-U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - Raids by Sudanese forces and Arab\militiamen have worsened a desperate situation in Darfur,\rights groups say, but the United Nations...
Darfur Displaced Return to 'Live in Fear' of Militia  KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - Villagers returning to their  homes in Sudan's Darfur region are living in fear of the Arab  militiamen who initially...
Ex-Chess Champion Fischer to Marry Japanese Woman  TOKYO (Reuters) - In a bold gambit worthy of the chess  champion he once was, Bobby Fischer plans to wed a four-time  Japanese great in the hope of...
Heiress Nicky Hilton Marries in Vegas LAS VEGAS - Nicky Hilton, the hotel heiress and socialite, has tied the knot with her beau in a late-night ceremony, according to court filings obtained by The...
Anarchists' Convention Debates Voting ATHENS, Ohio - A group of anarchists is taking an unusual step to make its political voice heard - going to the polls.    Anarchists generally pride themselves...
Allstate Says Charley Could Hurt Results  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Allstate Corp. &lt;ALL.N&gt;, the No. 2 U.S.  home and auto insurer, on Monday said potential losses stemming  from Hurricane Charley...
Hungarian central bank cuts key interest rate by half percentage point (AFP) AFP - The Hungarian central bank cut its benchmark interest rate by 50 basis points from 11.5 percent to 11.0 percent, the...
CompUSA Stores to Sell Gateway PCs (Reuters) Reuters - Gateway Inc. (GTW.N), the computer\maker that recently shuttered its chain of 188 stores, will\begin selling its desktops at CompUSA Inc.'s...
CompUSA Stores to Sell Gateway PCs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gateway Inc. &lt;GTW.N&gt;, the computer  maker that recently shuttered its chain of 188 stores, will  begin selling its desktops at CompUSA...
Lebanese shun mobile phones for a day in protest at high costs (AFP) AFP - Lebanese mobile phone users were urged to leave their portable telephones at home or switched off in protest at what is...
Forming galaxy cluster captured The Chandra telescope has seen huge gas clouds in space in the act of merging to form a massive galaxy cluster.
U.S. Embassy in Malaysia Has Anthrax Scare (AP) AP - Authorities are testing a suspicious powder mailed to the U.S. Embassy in Malaysia to determine whether it is anthrax, officials said Monday after...
Suspicious Powder Found at U.S. Embassy in Malaysia  KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (Reuters) - An envelope containing  suspicious white powder and threats against Americans was  delivered to the U.S....
Megawati Defends Achievements Ahead of Vote  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Indonesian President Megawati  Sukarnoputri, trying to maintain momentum in a tight election  battle, said Monday her government had...
Syrian Rights Activist to Be Released Pending Trial  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - A Syrian court has agreed to release  on bail a prominent rights activist who faces trial on charges  of tarnishing the image...
Kmart Posts Profit After Cost Cuts  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite  slumping sales as it cut jobs and...
LifePoint in \$1.1 Billion Province Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rural hospital operator LifePoint  Hospitals Inc. &lt;LPNT.O&gt; has agreed to acquire rival Province  Healthcare Co. &lt;PRV.N&gt; for...
Commuter tackles bad train service by starting own railway (AFP) AFP - Grumbling about trains is part of the way of life, but one commuter has decided to do something about it -- by starting his own...
Israel turns up heat on prisoners Israel launches psychological war against hundreds of Palestinian inmates on hunger strike for better conditions.
Czech Coach Hlinka Dies in Car Accident (AP) AP - Czech Republic national ice hockey team coach, and former Pittsburgh Penguins coach, Ivan Hlinka died Monday after sustaining serious injuries in a...
Stocks Set to Open Little Changed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street is set to open little  changed on Monday as crude prices remain near their record  highs, but insurers may slip on worries about...
Wherenet adds biz rules to RFID The first indication that the value of RFID (radio frequency identification) will extend beyond the supply warehouse was shown last week by WhereNet, a provider of...
Oracle readies CRM updates Oracle Corp. plans to release the latest version of its CRM (customer relationship management) applications within the next two months, as part of an ongoing update of its...
Grieving families cremate dead after Assam bombing (Reuters) Reuters - Grieving relatives on Monday cremated victims, mostly women and children, of a separatist bombing in northeastern India, while...
Chechnya marks 'special' birthday The authorities in war-torn Chechnya announce cash gifts for boys born on the slain leader's birthday.
Feedster Includes Kanoodle Ads in RSS Feeds Feedster Includes Kanoodle Ads in RSS Feeds\\Feedster, Inc. today announced the launch of its RSS feed media program. The Company rsquo;s RSS search feeds...
Google IPO Continues Despite Playboy Boob Google IPO Continues Despite Playboy Boob\\Google's IPO ran into another problem last week with investors being allowed to start bidding on the company last...
Greek Sprinters Given Two-Day Reprieve  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and  Katerina Thanou won a two-day reprieve at the Athens Olympics  Monday so they could appear in person at...
Sysco Corp.'s 4Q Profit Up 16 Percent Sysco's fiscal fourth-quarter profit rose 16 percent due to an extra week in the quarter, customer-service initiatives and operating efficiency.
Chvez Is Declared the Winner in Venezuela Referendum The president won the backing of 58 percent of voters, officials said, but the opposition said that the government had cheated.
Stocks Open Near Flat as Oil Near Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on  Monday as crude prices remain near their record highs, but  early reports of victory for the...
Letter, suspicious powder spark anthrax scare at U.S. Embassy in Malaysia (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Authorities are testing a suspicious powder mailed to the...
Patriots Sign First-Round Pick Watson (AP) AP - The New England Patriots signed first-round draft pick Benjamin Watson on Monday, ending the tight end's lengthy holdout.
Indonesia urges debt flexibility Indonesia calls on the International Monetary Fund to help reschedule its debts, as figures reveal a slowdown in economic growth.
Oil Holds Near Record Level Oil prices fell 23 cents to \$46.35 a barrel after Venezuelan Hugo Chavez won a recall referendum, appeasing worried energy markets.
Ride This Gem Amusement park operators have produced volatile results, but this company has stood the test of time.
HP Faces New Realities in a 64-Bit World (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company this week will unveil more programs and technologies designed to ease users of its high-end servers onto its Integrity...
EU Extends Microsoft-Time Warner Review (AP) AP - European antitrust regulators said Monday they have extended their review of a deal between Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. to make anti-piracy...
Insurers Begin Tallying Charley Losses (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. insurers on Monday predicted that\Hurricane Charley could be the most costly U.S. storm since\Andrew in 1992, with Florida officials...
Google Stays on Track Despite Best Efforts It looks like Google's public stock offering will proceed, no matter how hard the company tries to shoot itself in the foot. Not only that, its unique...
Microsoft lists SP2 conflicts Software giant releases just which programs are having issues with its Service Pack 2 update for Windows XP.
Chavez Declares Recall Victory; Foes Claim Fraud  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's left-wing  President Hugo Chavez on Monday declared victory in a historic  recall referendum on his rule,...
Singh Wins PGA Championship in Playoff HAVEN, Wis. - Vijay Singh shot a 4-over 76 to eke into a three-way playoff Sunday, then made his only birdie of the day on the first of three extra holes to...
Crews Rush to Hurricane-Ravaged Florida PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops scattered across Florida Monday to help residents rally from the brunt of...
Stocks Higher Despite Soaring Oil Prices NEW YORK - Wall Street shifted higher Monday as bargain hunters shrugged off skyrocketing oil prices and bought shares following an upbeat sales report from...
China  Condemns Whistle-Blower A Communist Party whistle-blower who created a national sensation in China by publicly accusing his superiors of tolerating official corruption has been condemned for...
KMart Posts Profit; Cash Pile Grows  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite  slumping sales as it cut jobs and...
Thomson Buys Test Provider Capstar  TORONTO (Reuters) - Electronic publisher Thomson Corp.  &lt;TOC.TO&gt; said on Monday it will buy test provider Capstar from  Educational Testing Service, the...
Lowe's Reports Increase in Second-Quarter Net Income Lowe's reported a 17.9 percent increase in net income during its second quarter, but results missed Wall Street expectations.
New tool identifies 'phishy' Web sites A new software tool from WholeSecurity Inc. can spot fraudulent Web sites used in online cons known as "phishing" scams, according to a statement from the...
Lowe's Net Trails Views, But Shares Rise  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;LOW.N&gt;, the No. 2 home  improvement retailer behind Home Depot Inc., on Monday reported  an 18 percent increase in...
On the Beastie Boys 'virus' CD &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Does not attempt world domination, but
Briefly: AOL kicks off free fantasy sports roundup Plus: HP partners with 3G gear maker...AMD starts shipping 90-nanometer chips...ABC.com to air on Real's SuperPass.
EC puts off decision on Microsoft, Time Warner deal Regulators could still launch an investigation into the two titans' acquisition of ContentGuard, a digital rights company.
An Olympic Selection of Search Resources The 2004 Summer Olympics are underway in Athens and the web is home to plenty of information that makes watching the games even more interesting.
KMart Posts Profit; Cash Pile Grows (Reuters) Reuters - Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O) on Monday\reported its third consecutive quarterly profit despite\slumping sales as it cut jobs and reduced...
Oil Slips from Record High of \$46.30  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased from new record highs  on Monday as victory for Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in a  referendum on his rule eased fears...
Stocks Gain as Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Monday as oil  prices dipped after reports of victory for the Venezuelan  president in a referendum on his rule eased fears...
News: Technology Already Exists to Stabilize Global Warming Existing technologies could stop the escalation of global warming for 50 years and work on implementing them can begin immediately,...
News: Future Heat Waves: More Severe, More Frequent, and Longer Lasting Heat waves in Chicago, Paris, and elsewhere in North America and Europe will become more intense, more frequent, and longer...
News: New Hypoxic Event Found Off Oregon Coast For the second time in three years, a hypoxic "dead zone" has formed off the central Oregon Coast. It's killing fish, crabs and other marine life and...
HP invokes Adaptive Enterprise mantra Hewlett-Packard will detail enhancements to its virtualization products, the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system, and its AlphaServers this week during its HP World...
Haas, Cink Join Ryder Cup Team Jay Haas became the second-oldest player to be on the Ryder Cup team, joining Stewart Cink as the two captain's picks Monday for a U.S. team that will try to regain the...
American Aphrodite Brooklyn-native Yvette Jarvis is an 'every woman' in Greece: professional basketball player, model, TV and talk show star and Athens councilwoman.
Edwards Appears for Hearing U.S. sprinter Torri Edwards appeared for a hearing on her doping case that will determine whether the reigning 100-meter world champion competes in the Athens Games.
Superstar's uncivil behavior is criminal (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Pop stars are no strangers to bad behavior. Smashed guitars, ruined hotel rooms--such misdeeds often are chuckled over...
Canada must help raise profile of development issues in Africa: Goodale (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada intends to return to the forefront on African development issues,...
Govt likely to cut oil product duties - official (Reuters) Reuters - The government is expected to slash customs and excise duties on petroleum products in a bid to control inflation without hurting...
National pharmacare program would reduce hospital waiting lists: McGuinty (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A national pharmacare program funded by the federal  government would...
Losses and Lessons for Bush and Kerry (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - They lost at politics at an early age. Since then, they've rarely made the same campaign mistakes twice.
Pakistan Military Plays Down 'Terror Summit' Report  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan's military Monday played  down a report in the latest edition of Time magazine describing  what it called a "summit...
Trial on Private Prison in Afghanistan Is Underway Jonathan Keith "Jack" Idema, the American accused of running a free-lance anti-terror operation and private prison in Afghanistan, testified in...
Bush's Withdrawal Plan Could Draw Votes WASHINGTON - President Bush's plan to call tens of thousands of U.S. troops home from Europe and Asia could gain him election-year applause from military...
Delegates Urge Al-Sadr to Leave Shrine BAGHDAD, Iraq - Delegates at Iraq's National Conference called Monday for radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to abandon his uprising against U.S. and Iraqi...
Phelps to Take on Thorpe in Busy Night ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps, still smarting after America's upset loss to South Africa in the 400 freestyle relay, returned to the pool Monday and qualified...
Haas, Cink Selected for Ryder Cup Team MILWAUKEE - Jay Haas became the second-oldest player to be on the Ryder Cup team, joining Stewart Cink as the two captain's picks Monday for a U.S. team that...
Florida Hurricane Death Toll Rises to 17 PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Urban rescue teams, insurance adjusters and National Guard troops scattered across Florida Monday to dig out victims of Hurricane Charley...
Stocks Sharply Higher on Dip in Oil Prices NEW YORK - A drop in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's prompted new bargain-hunting on Wall Street Monday, sending stocks sharply...
How to Hire a Financial Planner (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - You've got a money question, and the guy in the next cubicle hasn't a clue how to answer. You need trustworthy information. But...
Daimler Nets \$900 Mln Via Hyundai Sale  LONDON/FRANKFURT (Reuters) - DaimlerChrysler said it raised  more than \$900 million by selling its 10.5 percent stake in  Hyundai Motor Co. Ltd. on Monday, a...
AP: Group Discovers John the Baptist Cave (AP) AP - Archaeologists said Monday they have found a cave where they believe John the Baptist anointed many of his disciples  #151; a huge cistern with 28...
Speed Up Saddam's Trial, Allawi Tells Court (Reuters) Reuters - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi\urged an Iraqi court Monday to speed up proceedings against\toppled leader Saddam Hussein and his...
The Internet Is Calling Web phone service is exploding. And maverick Jeffrey Citron lit the industry's fuse
A Stereo with a Brain You can train Bose's new system to play songs you like. Is it worth the price?
The Sponsor Moves In The Days, owned by its advertisers, may boost ABC'S bottom line. But will they control content?
South African telephone monopoly to go ahead with lay-offs despite court ban (AFP) AFP - South African fixed line monopoly Telkom vowed to go ahead with plans to cut 4,000 jobs despite a court...
China Typhoon Death Toll Rises; 40 Missing (AP) AP - China raised its official death toll from Typhoon Rananim to at least 147 on Monday, as villagers with farm tools dug through massive landslides...
Speed Up Saddam's Trial, Allawi Tells Court  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi  urged an Iraqi court Monday to speed up proceedings against  toppled leader Saddam Hussein and his...
Singer 'may move to French jail' French rock star Bertrand Cantat could return home from Lithuania to complete his jail term for killing his lover.
What is this Man Plotting? A newly revealed summit of terrorists raises fears of a fresh plan to attack the U.S. This bombmaker and pilot could be a key player
Stocks Higher on Oil Price Relief  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Monday, getting  a boost from lower oil prices after news the Venezuelan  president survived a recall eased fears about...
Nanotech Research Spending Seen Reaching  #36;8.6 Bln (Reuters) Reuters - Worldwide research and\development spending in the emerging field of nanotechnology\should rise about 10 percent this year to...
Kan. to Move Forward on Dinosaur Exhibit (AP) AP - Concerns about funding and poor attendance will not stop plans to bring a dinosaur exhibit to Science City at Union Station, University of Kansas...
Nanotech Research Spending Seen Reaching \$8.6 Bln  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Worldwide research and  development spending in the emerging field of nanotechnology  should rise about 10 percent this...
Bombs explode at Nepal luxury hotel, no casualties (Reuters) Reuters - A man on a bicycle threw at least four bombs into the compound of a luxury hotel in Nepal's capital on Monday but the blasts...
AdWatch: Bush Raps Kerry on Intel Reform (AP) AP - Details of new television ad from President Bush to begin airing Monday:
Is 4Kids 4 Investors? 4Kids Entertainment got karate-chopped last week. Can it get back up off the mat?
Google: Now Playboy's Latest Bunny (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Investors in the company that's trying to come off as cute as a bunny could find themselves holding a fistful of vipers if...
Security expert warns computer hackers keeping up with technology (AFP) AFP - Computer hackers are keeping up with the times and are putting an increasingly technology-dependent world at risk, the...
E.U. Extends Review of Anti-Piracy Software Deal European antitrust regulators said Monday they have extended their review of a deal between Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc. to make anti-piracy...
Bicycle Bomber Attacks Nepal Hotel  KATHMANDU, Nepal (Reuters) - A man on a bicycle threw at  least four bombs into the compound of a luxury hotel in Nepal's  capital Monday but the blasts caused no...
Charley Sends Mobile Home Stocks Soaring  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of mobile home manufacturers  soared on Monday on hopes of increased business after the  destruction Hurricane Charley wreaked in...
Windows update causes headaches Games and security programs are on a long list of software that does not work well with the Windows SP2 update.
Nanotech Research Spending Seen Reaching \$8.6B Worldwide research and\development spending in the emerging field of nanotechnology\should rise about 10 percent this year to \$8.6 billion, a\research...
Donkey cart beats out Porsche in Portuguese road race (AFP) AFP - A donkey cart beat a Porsche in a race held in a northern Portuguese city over the weekend to see which mode of transportation could...
Sudan army voices opposition to upgrading of African Union mission (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese army expressed opposition to the upgrading of an African Union protection mission newly arrived in the...
Stocks Higher on Oil Price Relief (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks gained on Monday, getting\a boost from lower oil prices after news the Venezuelan\president survived a recall eased fears about the...
Intelsat to Be Bought for  #36;5 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - Intelsat Ltd., the world's\second-largest satellite operator, said on Monday it agreed to\be bought by a consortium of four private equity...
Intelsat to Be Bought for \$5 Billion  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Intelsat Ltd., the world's  second-largest satellite operator, said on Monday it agreed to  be bought by a consortium of four private...
Stamps.com Asks You to Picture This The online postage service offers a chance to put personal pictures on official stamps.
Will Schwab Reward Patience? The company saw an improvement in its trades, but will this market be kind to the brokerages?
Bacteria Give Coral Its Orange Glow, Study Finds (Reuters) Reuters - The soft orange glow of a common\Caribbean coral comes not from the coral itself but from\bacteria that live inside it, U.S....
HP unveils Unix roadmaps &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Free Alpha upgrades to stem defections
McAfee grabs Foundstone The former plans to team up its intrusion prevention technology with the latter's vulnerability management software.
U.N. Official Urges Political Independence (AP) AP - The United Nations should find ways to demonstrate political independence, regain the neutrality it lost after the Sept. 11 attacks and better...
Jackson Squares Off With Attorney SANTA MARIA, Calif. - Dozens of Michael Jackson's fans pressed against a chain-link fence outside court Monday, staking out viewing spots hours before the pop star...
AP: Group Discovers John the Baptist Cave KIBBUTZ TZUBA, Israel - Archaeologists said Monday they have found a cave where they believe John the Baptist anointed many of his disciples - a huge cistern...
Delegates Urge Al-Sadr to Leave Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. tanks rolled into the Old City of Najaf toward a holy Shiite shrine where militants were hiding Monday as participants at a national...
Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment WASHINGTON - President Bush on Monday announced plans to shift 60,000 to 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Europe and Asia in one of the largest...
'SP2' a Must For XP Users (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - To get an idea of how Windows got to be such a mess, think of it as a house that was built on an island in the middle of a lake,...
Rough patches for Microsoft's SP2 Windows update doesn't play well with all applications, even Redmond's. Also: CNET Reviews on security work still to be done.
Bryant Defense Wins Ruling In another setback to the prosecution in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, the court maintains ruling that allows information about the accuser's sex life into court.
Stocks Up, Oil Price Ease Gives Relief  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks climbed on Monday, getting  a boost from lower oil prices after Venezuela's president  declared he had survived a recall...
KMart Posts Profit; Cash Hits \$2.6 Bln  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMRT.O...
Personal Tech: Cybersecurity Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to talk about The Washington Post's special cybersecurity report.
PivX hardens Windows with Qwik-Fix Pro PivX Solutions, Inc. of Newport Beach, California, on Monday announced the availability of Qwik-Fix Pro, an intrusion prevention software product for Windows...
No Respite for Microsoft European antitrust regulators extend their review of Microsoft-Time Warner deal. Also: Gateway plans to sell desktops at CompUSA   hellip;. Vodafone's Japanese unit headhunts...
Overland Bullish on Tech Investors are dumping tech stocks with abandon. As for Overland Storage, it is a buyer.
Plurality of Worlds in the Universe Did the same Greek philosophers who declared the first truce for Olympic competition have the foresight to imagine a universe not just where many countries could...
CompUSA Agrees to Sell Gateway PCs (PC World) PC World - Desktop systems will be available in 226 stores across the U.S.
Lowe's Reports 18 Pct. Hike in Profits  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;,...
Toymakers' Stocks Hit Lows on Downgrade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of top toy maker Mattel Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAT.N...
Microsoft ships updated Works Version 8 of the low-priced productivity package includes a stand-alone dictionary and a PowerPoint add-on.
Briefly: FaceTime pulls in \$16 million roundup Plus: Bladed desktop pioneer gets \$25 million...AOL kicks off free fantasy sports...HP partners with 3G gear maker.
Microsoft, Time Warner DRM buy on EU review shelf Regulators could still launch an investigation into the two titans' acquisition of ContentGuard this month.
Ex-Polaroid exec takes top finance job at 3Com Donald Halsted, one target of a class-action suit alleging financial improprieties at bankrupt Polaroid, officially becomes CFO.
Intel delays first TV chip In another setback, the chipmaker says a processor for large-screen projection TVs won't come out this year.
Sybase upgrades PowerBuilder, plots RFID move Sybase Inc. released a new version of its application development tool on Monday, called PowerBuilder 10, and outlined plans for an upgrade to its...
Infocus: Detecting Worms and Abnormal Activities with NetFlow, Part 1 This paper discusses the use of NetFlow, a traffic profile monitoring technology available on many routers, for use in the early...
Escobedo Keeps U.S. Unbeaten in Boxing (AP) AP - They washed cars, put up posters and sold T-shirts to raise the money to be here. When it was finally time for Vicente Escobedo to fight, his family...
Chronology of Key Events in Kobe Bryant (AP) AP - Timeline of the sexual assault case against Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant:
Blackhawks Re-Sign Defenseman Berard  Chicago, Ill. (Sports Network) - The Chicago Blackhawks  Monday agreed to terms on a one-year contract with defenseman  Bryan Berard. As per team policy,...
India makes elephants appeal Indian asks Bangladesh to spare the lives of around 100 elephants which have strayed across the border.
Murder search police make arrest Police investigating the murder of newlywed Chanel Taylor make an arrest.
Bush Announces Plan to Realign Thousands of Troops President Bush today announced plans to shift 60,000 to 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Europe and Asia.
Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment CINCINNATI - President Bush on Monday announced plans to shift as many as 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Western Europe and Asia in one of the...
Jackson Squares Off With Attorney SANTA MARIA, Calif. - Fans of Michael Jackson erupted in cheers Monday as the pop star emerged from a double-decker tour bus and went into court for a showdown with...
Does That Web Site Look Phishy? (PC World) PC World - WholeSecurity's new software claims to identify fraudulent sites.
Product Review: Nokia 6820 Wireless Messaging Handset (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The Nokia (NYSE: NOK) 6820 is an ergonomically pleasing handheld device that integrates short text, multimedia and...
Sprint Broadens Its Vision (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sprint (NYSE: FON) is taking its mobile-data services to the next level, targeting both consumers and business customers, as the carrier rolls out...
Microsoft Lists XP SP2 Problems (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With automatic download of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) enormous SP2 security patch to the Windows XP operating system set to begin, the...
2 More Turkish Men Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Armed assailants attacked a convoy of Turkish trucks delivering supplies to U.S. forces in Iraq and took two Turkish drivers hostage, their company...
Group to Talk Coal-Bed Methane Drilling (AP) AP - Dozens of scientists plan to converge at the University of Wyoming to talk about West Nile virus, water pollution and other issues related to...
FDA Approves New Device to Clear Blood Clots By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The first device to remove blood clots from the brains of people suffering strokes - a new treatment option...
Briefly: Sprint to bake in BlackBerry roundup Plus: Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls in \$16 million...Bladed desktop pioneer gets \$25 million.
Former Polaroid exec takes top finance job at 3Com Donald Halsted, one target of a class action suit alleging financial improprieties at bankrupt Polaroid, officially becomes CFO.
Sprint to bake in BlackBerry for businesses Research In Motion's BlackBerry e-mail and data services will be carried on Sprint's networks.
U.S. Stocks Rebound as Oil Prices Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rebounded on Monday as oil  prices retreated from their highs, while upbeat earnings  announcements from retailers fueled the...
Dollar Rises Vs Euro After Asset Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar gained against the euro on  Monday after a report on flows into U.S. assets showed enough  of a rise in foreign investments to...
Bikes Bring Internet to Indian Villagers (AP) AP - For 12-year-old Anju Sharma, hope for a better life arrives in her poor farming village three days a week on a bicycle rickshaw that carries a...
Celebrity Chefs Are Everywhere in Vegas By ADAM GOLDMAN    LAS VEGAS (AP) -- The waiter appears tableside in the cozy dining room laden with oil paintings, stained glass and hints of cherry and oak....
Entertainment World Wary of Microsoft Technology By GARY GENTILE    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- CinemaNow Inc., the Internet-based movie service, is a rarity in Hollywood - a company that eagerly embraces...
European Union Extends Microsoft-Time Warner Review BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) -- European antitrust regulators said Monday they have extended their review of a deal between Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) and...
Patriots Sign Top Pick Watson (Reuters) Reuters - The New England Patriots\Monday announced the signing of first-round draft pick Benjamin\Watson. As per team policy, terms of the tight end's deal...
Olympics: Thorpe Beats Phelps as U.S. Fights Gold Gap  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United...
U.S. Awaits Judgment on Venezuela Voting (AP) AP - There was no evident pattern of fraud in Venezuela's balloting that left President Hugo Chavez in office but a final judgment depends on what...
Bush, Kerry Press for Women's Votes (AP) AP - Elizabeth Burnosky is a registered Democrat who voted for President Bush in 2000, opposes his policy on Iraq and calls Sen. John Kerry "a little wussy...
Insurers face massive storm bill Insurers are counting the cost of Hurricane Charley in Florida, with early damage estimates reaching as high as \$14bn (7.6; 11bn euros).
Fischer Appeals to Powell to Help Him Renounce U.S. Citizenship Former chess champion Bobby Fischer announced plans Monday to marry a leading Japanese chess official and appealed to Secretary of...
Venezuela's Chavez Wins Recall Referendum  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's left-wing  President Hugo Chavez won a recall referendum on his divisive  rule in a vote backed on Monday by...
Halliburton Says Army Suspends Withhold Threat  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Halliburton said on Monday the U.S.  Army had decided to give the company more time to resolve a  billing dispute before...
Belo Takes Charge for Advertising Refunds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Media company Belo Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLC.N...
LifePoint to Buy Rival for \$1 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rural hospital operator LifePoint  Hospitals Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LPNT.O...
Satellite TV Gains in Race Against Cable Thousands of Americans have defected to satellite TV as the providers have reported hefty gains while the cable industry has declined. Consumers likely will...
Columnists: Big Brother's Last Mile The FCC's new ruling on broadband wiretaps will force customers to pay for the privilege of making  the Internet less secure.\
US to withdraw up to 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia: Bush (AFP) AFP - The United States will withdraw up to 70,000 troops from Europe and Asia over the next decade, President George W. Bush said,...
Thorpedo Sinks Phelps' Shot at Record ATHENS, Greece - The kid couldn't catch the Thorpedo - and he won't be catching Mark Spitz, either. Michael Phelps' quest for seven gold medals ended after just...
AP: Group Finds Cave Linked to Baptist KIBBUTZ TZUBA, Israel - Archaeologists said Monday they have found a cave where they believe John the Baptist anointed many of his disciples - a huge cistern...
Venezuela's Chavez Wins Recall Referendum (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuela's left-wing\President Hugo Chavez won a recall referendum on his divisive\rule in a vote backed on Monday by international...
Private Firms to Buy Intelsat for \$3 Bln  PARIS (Reuters) - Four private equity firms plan to buy  Bermuda-based Intelsat for about \$3 billion, the world's  second-largest satellite operator said...
Biometric ID System Said to Delay Venezuela Recall By CHRISTOPHER TOOTHAKER     CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) -- The high-tech thumbprint devices were meant to keep people from voting more than once in the...
Hurricane Emergency Aid Set Up in Florida (AP) AP - More than 76,000 meals and snacks have been served to hurricane-ravaged counties in Florida, with thousands more available from federal, local and...
Taco Bell's Blue Dew Pepsi pushes a blue version of Mountain Dew only at Taco Bell. Is this a winning strategy?
Playlist magazine announced; first issue this month (MacCentral) MacCentral - Mac Publishing LLC, the publishers of Macworld magazine on Monday announced Playlist, a new digital music magazine for...
Traders Bet on Oracle's PeopleSoft Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Options traders have been\building bullish positions in PeopleSoft Inc.  (PSFT.O) as\investors bet a federal judge will approve Oracle...
Olympics: Thorpe Beats Phelps as U.S. Suffers Gold Gap  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United...
Iran Calls for U.N. Intervention in Iraq (AP) AP - Iran and Saudi Arabia called Monday for the United Nations to intervene in Iraq to stop the fighting between U.S. forces and Shhite militants hiding...
Congolese Massacre Victims in Burundi Mourned  GATUMBA, Burundi (Reuters) - Mourners covered their faces  to block the smell of disinfectant and death Monday as they  buried more than 160 Congolese...
Executive Compensation Post staff writer David Hilzenrath and editor Mike Flagg discuss which local executives have the sweetest deals.
Kmart: Retail or Real Estate? Lately, the company's retail operation has been lagging behind sales of its locations.
RSS gets down to business Calendar application is one of the first non-blogging uses of the standard.
Motorola and HP in Linux tie-up Motorola plans first use of the open-source software in the core of next-generation cell phone networks.
Singh Growing Hall of Fame Credentials (AP) AP - An official from the World Golf Hall of Fame joined a casual conversation last year about players on the verge of election, and someone mentioned...
Reality TV under fire in Portugal following 'Big Brother' suicide bid (AFP) AFP - Reality television programs were under renewed fire in Portugal after the winner of the nation's first edition of the...
2 Kidnapped in Iraq, 2 Others Freed (AP) AP - Armed assailants attacked a convoy of Turkish trucks delivering supplies to U.S. forces in Iraq and took two Turkish drivers hostage, their company said...
Iraq Conference in Najaf Peace Bid; Oil Well Ablaze  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. troops and Shi'ite militiamen  battled in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf Monday, just hours  after political and religious...
Equity Firms to Buy Intelsat for \$3.1 Bln  PARIS (Reuters) - Intelsat is to be sold to four private  equity firms for \$3.1 billion, the world's second-largest  satellite operator said on Monday.
Halliburton: Army  to Give Company More Time to Resolve Billing Dispute Halliburton said Monday the U.S. Army had decided to give the company more time to resolve a billing dispute before withholding...
Md. Field Dig May Reach Back 16,000 Years (AP) AP - Robert D. Wall is too careful a scientist to say he's on the verge of a sensational discovery.
Former Super Flyweight Champion Quiroga Found Dead  SAN ANTONIO, Texas (Reuters) - Former International Boxing  Federation (IBF) super flyweight champion Robert Quiroga was  killed early Monday,...
Olympics: Thorpe Wins 'Race of the Century'  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's Ian Thorpe won the gold  medal in the men's 200 meters freestyle, dubbed the "race of  the century," at the Athens Olympics...
Sysco Profit Rises; Sales Volume Flat  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Sysco Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SYY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SYY.N&lt;/A&gt;,...
Microsoft details XP SP2 conflicts Microsoft Corp. has published a list of nearly 50 applications and games that may not work correctly after installing Service Pack 2 (SP2) for Windows XP.
Kobe Bryant Rape Trial Looks Set to Go Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - The trial in the Kobe Bryant rape\case looked set to go ahead later this month after the state's\highest court ruled against...
White Sox Manager Suspended Two Games (AP) AP - Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was suspended Monday for two games and fined an undisclosed amount for arguing with umpires during an Aug. 9...
Kobe Bryant Rape Trial Looks Set to Go Ahead  EAGLE, Colo. (Reuters) - The trial in the Kobe Bryant rape  case looked set to go ahead later this month after the state's  highest court ruled against...
Lufthansa to levy 'temporary' fuel surcharge (AFP) AFP - German carrier Lufthansa said it would levy a temporary fuel surcharge on tickets from August 24, in response to the rise in the price of oil.
Iraq's Al-Yawer Vows Kurd Rebel Crackdown (AP) AP - Iraq's interim president promised on Monday to prevent Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq from launching attacking into Turkey, apparently hoping to...
Japanese Power Company Missed Inspections (AP) AP - The operator of a nuclear power plant where a long-neglected cooling pipe burst and killed four workers last week said Monday that four other pipes...
Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment WASHINGTON - Two Army divisions will return to the United States from Germany as part of a global military restructuring that President Bush says will bring...
Intel to Delay Product for High-Definition TVs  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - In the latest of a series of  product delays, Intel Corp. has postponed the launch of a video  display chip it had previously...
Dust Clears, Mars Bright, Spirit Good One hundred twenty scientists have published their current running tally of results from the Spirit rover. No lakebed evidence has been found yet, but scientists...
Despondent Brown: 'I Feel Like a Failure' (AP) AP - Larry Brown was despondent, the head of the U.S. selection committee was defensive, and Allen Iverson was hanging up on callers who asked what went...
Beach Volleyball: Cook Propels Australia to Win  ATHENS (Reuters) - Twice Olympic beach volleyball medallist  Natalie Cook helped new team mate Nicole Sanderson battle  nerves to propel Australia to...
Ex-Spymasters Want Power for Intel Czar (AP) AP - Three former spymasters told senators Monday that creating a new national intelligence director would be worthless without giving that person...
Intel to Delay Product for High-Definition TVs (Reuters) Reuters - In the latest of a series of\product delays, Intel Corp. has postponed the launch of a video\display chip it had previously planned...
Most Japanese Women Shun Birth Control Pill By AIKO HAYASHI    TOKYO (AP) -- Five years ago Japanese women's rights advocates won their battle to legalize the birth control pill. Now they are waging...
Oracle updates CRM sales tools Software maker promises that the sales force automation revamp will help sales processes by pulling in more data.
Germans Wary of U.S. Troop Withdrawal (AP) AP - German officials voiced concern Monday that their country has the most to lose with President Bush's announcement that tens of thousands of troops will...
Scientists Work on Cure for Mysterious Nerve Disease By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Dr. Douglas Kerr painstakingly collected spinal fluid from hundreds of patients with a mysterious...
Reds' Griffey Jr. Has Hamstring Surgery (AP) AP - All-Star outfielder Ken Griffey Jr. had surgery Monday to repair his torn right hamstring and is expected to return for spring training.
Lightning Reacquire Prospal From Ducks (AP) AP - Vaclav Prospal is returning to the Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay Lightning and will likely take the spot of forward Cory Stillman, who replaced him a...
Treasuries Fall as Oil Retreats (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt prices fell on\Monday as investors focused on a pullback in oil prices from\record highs and largely shrugged off dismal results...
Product Previews, 8/16/2004 Novell brings updated kernel to enterprise LinuxTimed to coincide with this years linuxworld expo, Novell has announced SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 9. Though Novells SuSE...
HP's Software Woe Has Bigger Industry Implication (Reuters) Reuters - When Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N)\warned of a profit shortfall last week, it blamed problems it\had combining two SAP systems,...
Mini Could Get Mighty with Speakers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - iPod mini users might want to consider ditching their earphones if Altec Lansing's iMmini speaker system lives up to its promise. Based...
HP's Software Woe Has Bigger Industry Implication  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=HPQ.N qtype=sym infotype=info...
Exercise -- the Real Fountain of Youth Want to age gracefully? Keep moving. Regular exercise can reduce the risk of chronic disease -- such as heart trouble, diabetes, even cancer -- and keep you...
Apple's colorful computer plans detailed U.S. Patent and Trademark Office publishes Apple patent for "chameleon" cases that change their look.
Favre Not Sure He Can Throw Fewer Picks (AP) AP - Brett Favre would love to throw fewer interceptions this season. He's just not sure he can. "It's hard to teach an old dog new tricks, and that's...
V. Williams, Rubin Lose Venus Williams and Chanda Rubin lose to Li Ting and Sun Tian Tian of China in the first round of the doubles tournament.
Veterans Set for Republican Convention (AP) AP - Americans who served in the military will be well represented at the upcoming Republican convention, more so than at last month's Democratic...
Congolese Massacre Victims in Burundi Mourned  GATUMBA, Burundi (Reuters) - Mourners covered their faces  to block the smell of disinfectant and death on Monday as they  buried more than 160...
Americans in Afghan Trial Ask FBI for Documents  KABUL, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Three Americans standing  trial in Afghanistan Monday for imprisoning and torturing  Afghans were given a week to...
Insurers: Charley Claims at About \$7 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insurers are braced to pay out about  \$7 billion in claims for devastation caused by Hurricane  Charley, making the storm the second...
Officials say Linux not a price ploy in Microsoft deal Local government in UK says it didn't use the open-source OS as a bargaining chip; Microsoft was simply best option.
High Expectations a New Feeling at Cal (AP) AP - A short walk around the California campus this summer was all Geoff McArthur needed as proof of how much Golden Bears football has changed since his...
GM to Begin Making Cadillacs in China (AP) AP - General Motors said Monday it will start making Cadillacs in China this year, joining a race by foreign luxury car brands to sell to the country's...
Champion boxer stabbed to death Former super flyweight boxing champion Robert Quiroga has been stabbed to death in San Antonio, Texas.
Stocks Sharply Higher on Dip in Oil Prices NEW YORK - A drop in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's prompted some bargain-hunting on Wall Street, sending stocks sharply higher...
Income Gap Up Over Two Decades, Data Show WASHINGTON - Over two decades, the income gap has steadily increased between the richest Americans, who own homes and stocks and got big tax breaks, and...
Trial Set for Courtney Love in Drug Case BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. - A trial date has been set for Sept...
Carter Endorses Chavez Win in Venezuela CARACAS, Venezuela - President Hugo Chavez survived a referendum to oust him, according to results Monday, and former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and other...
HP's Livermore opts for 'content free' content &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Booth intro steals show
Cubs Pitcher Kerry Wood Loses Appeal (AP) AP - Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood's appeal was rejected Monday and he will begin serving his five-game suspension Tuesday.
Suspected Militants Kidnap Iraqi Officer-Jazeera (Reuters) Reuters - Suspected militants have kidnapped an\Iraqi intelligence officer in response to the fighting in the\holy city of Najaf, Al Jazeera...
Suspected Militants Kidnap Iraqi Officer-Jazeera  DUBAI (Reuters) - Suspected militants have kidnapped an  Iraqi intelligence officer in response to the fighting in the  holy city of Najaf, Al...
Cassini finds new Saturn moons The Cassini-Huygens mission in orbit around Saturn discovers two new moons around the ringed planet.
Oracle v. DOJ: Traders bet on Oracle special coverage Assuming Oracle will win its antitrust suit, traders are scooping up PeopleSoft options.
Open source on the line roundup \Linux shapes up as a software standard for cell phone networks. Also: California sees security in open source.
Defense Could Dominate in the Big Ten (AP) AP - Following a mass exodus of offensive stars and starting quarterbacks, defense could dominate the Big Ten this season.
Chinese End Venus's Doubles Bid  ATHENS (Reuters) - Venus Williams's bid for a second  successive Olympic doubles tennis gold ended on Monday when she  and stand-in partner Chanda Rubin lost 7-5,...
Stocks Bounce Back as Oil Retreats  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rebounded on Monday as  worry about oil prices crunching corporate profits eased when  crude retreated from record highs.
Google Could Make Its Market Debut Wed.  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. appeared set  to start trading on Nasdaq on Wednesday, after the Web's No. 1  search engine asked regulators on...
Cassini Finds Two New Saturnian Moons Jet Propulsion Lab -- With eyes sharper than any that have peered at Saturn before, the Cassini spacecraft has uncovered two moons, which may be the smallest...
Olympics: Japan Sneak Through to Win Men's Team Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan revived memories of their glorious  gymnastics past when they upstaged favorites China and United  States to snatch the...
Hundreds feared trapped as floods wreak havoc in southwest England (AFP) AFP - Hundreds of people were feared trapped in southwest England after flash floods left a popular coastal tourist village...
Donsanjh still nixing pharmacare, but premiers plan meeting to refine program (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - In his first public address as federal health minister, Ujjal Dosanjh...
Gebrselassie 'may pull out' Ethiopia's Haile Gebrselassie could miss the Olympic 10,000m because of an Achilles injury.
Google Stock Offering Remains on Track (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s stock market debut appeared to be on track for later this week after the Internet search company asked regulators to give final approval...
Apple hints at colorful computer plans Will the company's next PC look like a Christmas tree? A patent filing sheds some light.
CA buys PestPatrol antispyware developer Computer Associates has acquired PestPatrol, a company that markets antispyware software, for an undisclosed sum and plans to incorporate PestPatrol's...
Microsoft details conflicts in new XP update Microsoft has published a list of nearly 50 applications -- including developer and backup tools, antivirus software and an FTP client -- that may not...
Sybase upgrades PowerBuilder, plots RFID move At its annual user conference in Orlando, Sybase Inc. released a new version of its application development tool, outlined plans for an upgrade to its...
McAfee to buy Foundstone for \$86M McAfee Inc.'s purchase of Foundstone follows several moves in the past year to focus its product offerings and bolster its standing in the intrusion detection and...
IBM plans fewer U.S. layoffs to compensate for offshoring After internal documents revealed plans to send nearly 5,000 jobs to developing countries over two years, IBM became an easy target for...
Confidential Oracle sales data likely to be released U.S. District Court Judge Vaughn Walker said sales documents detailing highly confidential information, such as which companies receive discounts...
Sidebar: The nuts and bolts of COM -- Objects, Interfaces and GUIDs A quick course in how some of the most esoteric aspects of COM work.
Editor's Picks: The Best of our Web Services Coverage A guide to Computerworld's recent coverage of Web services and service-oriented architectures, including user applications, security issues and...
Fun With Web services! Forget those pesky business functions. To learn how Web services work and what you can do with them, check out these useful utilities that tell you who uttered that famous...
Yahoo Messenger Patches Security Hole Yahoo Messenger Patches Security Hole\\If you logged into Yahoo Messenger today and was taken a back by an automatic security download - don't be scared, it's no...
Overlooked U.S. Men's Gymnasts Take Silver (AP) AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand. The American men's gymnastics program, long overlooked and often unappreciated, won...
Phelps Upbeat Despite End of Seven-Gold Dream  ATHENS (Reuters) - The dream of emulating Mark Spitz's  seven Olympic gold medals is over for Michael Phelps but the  American refused to be...
Gold at Last for U.S. Swimmer Coughlin  ATHENS (Reuters) - Natalie Coughlin's run of bad luck  finally took a turn for the better when she won the gold medal  in the women's 100 meters backstroke at...
Google Could Make Its Market Debut Wed. (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. appeared set\to start trading on Nasdaq on Wednesday, after the Web's No. 1\search engine asked regulators on Monday for final...
Husky Energy signs seventh contract with China National Offshore Oil Corp. (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - Husky Energy Inc. has further strengthened its relationship with one of...
Venezuelans Vote to Keep Chavez in Office CARACAS, Venezuela - Venezuelans overwhelmingly voted to keep President Hugo Chavez in office, dealing a crushing defeat to a splintered opposition and...
Dow Closes Up 129 As Oil Prices Drop NEW YORK - A drop in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's helped send stocks sharply higher Monday on Wall Street, with the swing exaggerated...
Lowe's Net Income Up 18 Percent  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the...
Heat Waves to Worsen Across America, Europe - Study (Reuters) Reuters - Heat waves like those that have hit\Paris and Chicago in recent years are likely to get worse,\roasting more and more cities...
Thorpe Wins Men's 200 Freestyle Australia's Ian Thorpe soared past Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands to win the most anticipated race of the Olympics. Michael Phelps finished third.
Outfielder Shane Spencer Rejoins Yankees Recently released outfielder Shane Spencer rejoined the Yankees on Monday, signing a minor league contract after working out at their spring training complex.
U.S. Ryder Cup Team Roster Set Going with experience, Hal Sutton named Jay Haas and Stewart Cink as captain's selections for this year's United States Ryder Cup team.
Haitian Rebel Leader Appears for Trial (AP) AP - Jury selection began Monday for a Haitian paramilitary leader convicted in absentia of killing a businessman and ordering a massacre in the early...
For US team, the night of decision The women gymnasts are favored to make history and win gold Tuesday - a Wheaties box moment waiting to happen.
Ch #225;vez declares referendum victory, but is battle over? With record turnout, Venezuela's president survives a recall vote, but opponents claim fraud.
Aid agencies rethink strategy A new report urges humanitarian groups to maintain a local presence in disaster-prone areas.
Even Greek grandmas root for the home team In 2000, Greece brought home 13 medals. The Greek Olympic Committee hopes to double that number.
IBM seeks dismissal in second part of SCO case SAN FRANCISCO - IBM Corp. is seeking dismissal of a second major component of the lawsuit filed against it last year by Unix vendor The SCO Group Inc.,...
Microsoft delays automatic XP SP2 delivery SAN FRANCISCO - Microsoft Corp. has pushed back automatic distribution of Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) to allow business users more time to instruct...
CA buys PestPatrol antispyware developer WASHINGTON - Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) said Monday it acquired PestPatrol Inc., a firm marketing antispyware software to enterprises, small...
Gartner revises PC market forecast, warns of downside The PC market won't grow as fast in 2004 as originally predicted by Gartner Inc. analysts, as concerns about the overall health of the U.S....
UN tries to keep up dialogue after Khartoum irked by Darfur criticism (AFP) AFP - The UN envoy to Sudan has tried to ease the pressure on Khartoum after a flurry of indictments of the government's...
Traders Bet Oracle Wins in Antitrust Case  CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Options traders have been  building bullish positions in PeopleSoft Inc.  &lt;A...
Is Mercury the Incredible Shrinking Planet? MESSENGER Spacecraft May Find Out (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - With a new spacecraft bound for Mercury, that tiny planet nbsp;near the heart of the solar...
Canadian Ansari X Prize Entrant Takes the Plunge in Test (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A Canadian team of rocketeers has moved one step closer to\launching its own manned spacecraft with the successful...
Only Three Golds - U.S. Misfires in Early Days in Athens  ATHENS (Reuters) - Told to avoid inflaming anti-American  sentiment, U.S. athletes may have toned down the bravado too  much in the early...
Krispy Kreme COO Leaves for New Job  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KKD.N...
Google IPO statement ready to go Google's planned flotation moves another step closer after the company and its underwriters ask the SEC to declare its registration effective.
Oil Prices Retreat From a Record High After Chvez Victory Crude oil for delivery next month settled at \$46.05 a barrel, down 53 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange after briefly trading at a...
IBM strikes at SCO claims SCO Group's faltering attack on Linux faces another threat as Big Blue files motion seeking dismissal of contract claims.
iSCSI gets some respect Having received a renewed boost from those who see it moving out of niche markets, iSCSI (Internet SCSI) may finally be getting some much-needed respect.
Beach Volleyball: Australia in with a Shout  ATHENS (Reuters) - To prepare for the Olympics, Kerri  Pottharst practiced serving with her team mate screaming in her  ear.
Flash floods force big rescue operation in tourist area of England (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Heavy rain caused flash floods in seaside communities in southwestern England on...
Harkin Calls Cheney Comments 'Cowardly' (AP) AP - Sen. Tom Harkin pushed the name-calling in the presidential race to a new level, calling Vice President Dick Cheney a coward for not serving in...
Players Union Challenges Carter's Release (AP) AP - The NFL Players Association has gotten involved in Quincy Carter's release by the Dallas Cowboys.
Deadline Looms for Suspects in UK Anti-Terrorism Raids  LONDON (Reuters) - British police must charge or release on  Tuesday nine men arrested earlier this month in anti-terrorism  raids that...
Rwanda issues genocide warning Rwanda warns it will intervene to prevent genocide, as more than 150 Tutsi  refugees are buried in Burundi.
Shell-Led Russia Venture Vows to Protect Rare Whales (Reuters) Reuters - A Royal Dutch/Shell -led group\developing oil and gas fields in the Russian far east moved to\assure worried ecologists on...
Hurricane Victims Wait for Food and Water PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Driven from splintered trailers, roofless condos and powerless suburban homes, Hurricane Charley's hungry victims sweated through long...
Players Union Challenges Carter's Release The NFL Players Association has gotten involved in Quincy Carter's release by the Dallas Cowboys. The union filed a grievance over the release Aug...
League-Leading Galaxy Fires Coach (AP) AP - The Los Angeles Galaxy fired coach Sigi Schmid on Monday despite leading Major League Soccer with 34 points.
Alcatel hopes security will get users to switch European telecom equipment maker looks to push into corporate switching, a market long dominated by Cisco.
Google Could Make Market Debut Wednesday  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. appeared set  to start trading on the Nasdaq on Wednesday, after the Web's  No. 1 search engine asked...
China Mobile Suspends Sohu for Spamming Customers (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese Internet company Sohu.com\(SOHU.O) on Friday said China Mobile (CHL.N) had suspended Sohu\as a supplier of mobile phone...
Group to Propose New High-Speed Wireless Format  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A group of technology companies  including Texas Instruments Inc. &lt;A...
Thorpe Reigns Supreme in Athens Pool, Phelps Grabs Bronze  ATHENS (Reuters) - Ian Thorpe became Australia's greatest  Olympian and staked a claim to being the best swimmer of his  generation when he...
Probe into rising ocean acidity The Royal Society launches a scientific investigation into the rising acidity of the Earth's oceans.
New bird spotted in Philippines A bird species new to science has been found by researchers on a remote island in the northern Philippines.
WholeSecurity program targets fraud sites Tool that identifies Web sites pretending to be connected to banks, eBay, etc., could help leave phishing scammers dead in the water.
#147;Generic Superheroes #148; Scripted, produced, cast, costumed, shot, edited and vigorously promoted by Darren Brandl,  #147;Generic Superheroes, #148; a 35-minute comedic-action-adventure parody,...
Celtics Still Waiting to Hear From Payton (AP) AP - Ten days after trading for Gary Payton, the Boston Celtics still have no idea if the nine-time All-Star will ever wear a Celtics' uniform.
Russian Supply Craft Docks with Space Station (Reuters) Reuters - A Russian supply ship docked with the\International Space Station on Saturday, delivering food and\fuel to the two astronauts living...
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Monday, Aug. 16, 935 U.S. service members have died since the beginning of military operations in Iraq in March 2003, according to the Defense...
New bird spotted in Philippines A bird species new to science is found by researchers on a remote island in the Philippines.
NFL Players Association Files Grievance Over Carter Release (Reuters) Reuters - The NFL Players Association\Monday filed a grievance with the Dallas Cowboys over the\recent release of quarterback...
NFL Players Association Files Grievance Over Carter Release  WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - The NFL Players Association  Monday filed a grievance with the Dallas Cowboys over the  recent release of...
Chavez Survives Recall, Vows to Deepen Revolution  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's left-wing  President Hugo Chavez easily won a referendum on his rule and  on Monday offered to open a...
3Com partners with wireless switch start-up 3Com enters into the wireless switch market through a partnership with start-up Trapeze Networks.
SEC Opens Inquiry Into Google Stock Issue (AP) AP - In another twist to Google Inc.'s public stock offering, the Internet search company said federal regulators have opened an informal inquiry into...
NASA Identifies Foam Flaw That Killed Astronauts (Reuters) Reuters - The foam that struck the space\shuttle Columbia after liftoff and led to the deaths of all\seven astronauts on board was...
Catching 'phishers' a WholeSecurity sport Tool that identifies sites pretending to be connected to banks, eBay and more could help leave "phishing" scammers dead in the water.
Lankford Accepts Minor League Assignment (AP) AP - St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Ray Lankford accepted a minor league assignment to Triple-A Memphis on Monday, nine days after leaving the team to...
FBI Tracks Potential GOP Protesters (AP) AP - With the Republican National Convention less than two weeks away, federal agents and city police are keeping tabs on activists and others they believe...
Bush Announces Plan for Troop Realignment (AP) AP - President Bush's plan to restructure U.S. military forces abroad includes bringing two Army divisions home from Cold War-era bases in Germany, and...
Interior Will Delay Some Energy Projects (AP) AP - The Interior Department said Monday it will begin delaying some new oil and gas drilling projects until the effects on wildlife are studied more...
Second hat in ring for faster Wi-Fi standard A second consortium puts in a bid for the faster 802.11n spec. But don't expect a battle over formats.
3Com partners with wireless-switch upstart 3Com enters into the wireless-switch market through a partnership with start-up Trapeze Networks.
Interwoven scoops up records management company ECM (enterprise content management) company Interwoven on Monday announced the acquisition of Software Intelligence, a maker of records management...
Thorpedo Sinks Phelps' Shot at Spitz Mark ATHENS, Greece - The kid couldn't catch the Thorpedo - and he won't be catching Mark Spitz, either. Michael Phelps' quest for seven gold medals ended after...
SEC Opens Inquiry Into Google Stock Issue SAN FRANCISCO - In another twist to Google Inc.'s public stock offering, the Internet search company said federal regulators have opened an informal inquiry...
Nortel Says Canada Plans Accounting Probe  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.N...
Brazil Starts to Crack Down on Counterfeit Goods Brazil stands to lose billions of dollars in trade benefits from the United States if it does not prove by the end of September that it is making...
AP: Israel Cave Linked to John the Baptist (AP) AP - Archaeologists think they've found a cave where John the Baptist baptized many of his followers  #151; basing their theory on thousands of shards...
Blind Students to Launch NASA Rocket (AP) AP - A dozen blind students from across the United States are at a summer camp this week working on a project most don't associate with the visually impaired...
NFL Players Union Files Carter Grievance (AP) AP - The NFL Players Association filed a grievance Monday against the Dallas Cowboys on behalf of Quincy Carter, claiming the quarterback was released by...
Mientkiewicz Starts at Second for BoSox (AP) AP - Former Gold Glove first baseman Doug Mientkiewicz got a rough introduction in his first career start at second base.
Thorpedo Sinks Phelps' Shot at Spitz Mark (AP) AP - The kid couldn't catch the Thorpedo  #151; and he won't be catching Mark Spitz, either. Michael Phelps' quest for seven gold medals ended after...
Venezuelans Vote to Keep Chavez in Office (AP) AP - Venezuelans overwhelmingly voted to keep President Hugo Chavez in office, dealing a crushing defeat to a splintered opposition and allowing the...
Edwards Vows Economic Aid for Heartland (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards promised Monday to deliver high-speed Internet access and more money for people to start businesses...
Chavez Survives Recall, Vows to Deepen Revolution (Reuters) Reuters - Venezuela's left-wing\President, Hugo Chavez, easily won a referendum on his rule and\on Monday offered to open a dialogue with...
Many engineers lack even a four-year degree About 40 percent of U.S. workers in computer and math science have just a high school diploma or associate degree, according to a new report.
British researchers trace John Kerry's family back to European royalty (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Senator John Kerry has blue blood from all the royal houses of Europe, with even...
Chavez's Victory Garners Int'l Approval (AP) AP - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez won international approval from supporters and detractors alike Monday on his decisive referendum victory over...
Giants' Nen Still Hoping to Pitch in 2005 (AP) AP - It's approaching two years since Robb Nen last pitched in the majors, but he still believes he can do it again  #151; despite his troublesome right...
Haas and Cink Named as U.S. Ryder Cup Wildcards  MILWAUKEE, Wisconsin (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal  Sutton, opting for form and experience, selected Jay Haas and  Stewart Cink as his...
Venezuela Votes by Large Margin to Retain Chvez An opposition movement refused to accept the results, raising prospects for more turmoil in the world's fifth-largest oil exporter.
Airline Looks to Delay Its Pension Payments In an effort to conserve cash, financially ailing US Airways Group Inc. said Monday that it plans to ask the Internal Revenue Service for permission to...
McDonald's Goes for Gold For a four-year investment estimated at \$65 million, McDonald's has been designated the Official Restaurant of the 2004 Olympic Games.
Auction for Shares In Google's IPO May End Today (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Google Inc.'s initial public offering took a major step forward as the company notified investors that today...
Four Firms Buy Intelsat Intelsat Ltd., the pioneering commercial satellite company that connected the world through global television and telephone communications, announced Monday its sale to a...
Auction for Shares in Google's IPO May End Google Inc.'s initial public offering took a major step forward as the company notified investors that Tuesday may be their last chance to submit, withdraw...
BioVeris Files Delayed Annual Report BioVeris Corp. filed its delayed annual report with the Securities and Exchange Commission Monday, only days before a scheduled hearing by the Nasdaq Stock Market...
Background Investigation Shortfall Sends ManTech to a Loss Despite an increase in revenue, ManTech International Corp. swung to a loss during its second quarter when a contract to conduct background...
Athletics Win to Hang on to AL West Lead (AP) AP - Mark Redman pitched eight innings of six-hit ball, and the Oakland Athletics used a three-run fifth inning to beat the Baltimore Orioles 3-1 on...
Nikkei Higher by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - Gains in banks and exporters helped lift  Tokyo's Nikkei 0.84 percent by midday on Tuesday as a fall in  crude oil prices and a rebound in U.S. stocks led...
Hewitt, Sluiter, Muller Win at Legg Mason (AP) AP - Lleyton Hewitt breezed to a 6-1, 6-2 win over Kenneth Carlsen Monday night in the first round of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic.
Ivan Hlinka, 54, Czech Coach of Gold Medal Hockey Team, Dies Ivan Hlinka coached the Czech Republic to the hockey gold medal at the 1998 Nagano Olympics and became the coach of the Pittsburgh...
The Geisha Stylist Who Let His Hair Down Here in the Gion geisha district of Japan's ancient capital, even one bad hair day can cost a girl her career. So it is no wonder that Tetsuo Ishihara is the...
Hard-Hit Havana Still Short of Water City workers distributed water in tank trucks Monday and urged about 1.4 million residents of the Cuban capital who had no running water to remain calm, four days...
Syrian Court Releases Rights Activist on Bail A Syrian court has released on bail a human rights activist charged with tarnishing the country's image but considered by advocacy groups to be a...
Iraqi peace team to go to Najaf An Iraqi delegation is going to Najaf to try to end  a stand-off between US-led forces and Shia militants.
Seahawks Defeat Packers 21-3 in Preseason (AP) AP - Fourth-string quarterback Seneca Wallace led Seattle on two touchdown drives and the Seahawks took advantage of Tim Couch's dismal debut for Green...
China Tests New Guided Missile Amid Taiwan Tensions  BEIJING (Reuters) - China has successfully tested a new  guided missile it says is highly accurate, state media said on  Tuesday amid rising...
New York City Lowering Its Sights for a Convention Boom With the Republican National Convention just two weeks away, signs are pointing to a modest economic boost for few businesses.
Streaking Rangers Hold Off Indians 5-2 (AP) AP - Brian Jordan hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers extended their winning streak to four games with a 5-2 victory over the...
Suspect Admits Jewish Graves Desecration (AP) AP - An unemployed man was arrested Monday in connection with the desecration of a Jewish cemetery earlier this month and an attack on a Muslim, judicial...
Hospitalised woman in Vietnam tests positive for bird flu (AFP) AFP - A 19-year-old woman hospitalised in Vietnam has tested positive for the lethal strain of bird flu that has killed 27 people...
Nikkei Rises by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - Gains in banks and exporters helped lift  Tokyo's Nikkei average 0.84 percent by midday on Tuesday as a  fall in crude oil prices and a rebound in U.S....
Braves' Chipper Jones Hits 300th Homer (AP) AP - Chipper Jones hit his 300th career home run on Monday night, connecting in the Atlanta Braves' game at San Diego.
Nikkei Rises by Midday (Reuters) Reuters - Gains in banks and exporters helped lift\Tokyo's Nikkei average 0.84 percent by midday on Tuesday as a\fall in crude oil prices and a rebound in U.S. stocks...
A Texan's Race for the House That Could Lead to the F.C.C. A Republican running for Congress has received heavy donations from industry because of expectations over posts she may receive if she loses...
A New Campaign for Viagra Viagra, which has long taken a staid marketing approach, will join its fast-growing competitors in taking a sly, devil-may-care tack.
Halliburton Has More Time to Verify Costs The U.S. Army had granted Halliburton a third extension to substantiate its costs in Iraq and Kuwait.
Microsoft Delays Automatic Win XP Updates Business users can postpone SP2 installation to complete testing its effect on other programs.
A's Quiet Orioles The streaking O's lose for only the third time in 14 games as A's starting pitcher Mark Redman pitches eight strong innings to tame the Orioles, 3-1, on Monday night.
Harris Takes the Field Cornerback Walt Harris suits up for his first full practice as a Redskin on Monday after missing minicamp and the first two weeks of training camp.
QBs Grab Spotlight Chris Simms, the Buccaneers second-year pro competing for Tampa Bay's No. 2 job, completed 12 of 15 passes for 110 yards to help the Bucs to a 20-6 victory over the Cincinnati...
Seahawks Stuff Packers Fourth-string quarterback Seneca Wallace led Seattle on two touchdown drives as the Seahawks defeated the Packers, 21-3, on Monday night.
Full Disclosure Ordered The NFL told its coaches Monday that they must be more specific in reporting injuries to players, saying the current wording of the policy "invites action that runs counter to...
A Texan's Race Could Lead to the F.C.C. A Republican running for Congress has received heavy donations from industry because of expectations over posts she may receive if she loses and President Bush...
Stocks End Sharply Higher as Oil Prices Drop A pull back in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's prompted new bargain-hunting on Wall Street today.
LifePoint to Buy Rival for \$1 Bln LifePoint Hospitals has agreed to acquire rival Province Healthcare for \$1.125 billion in cash and stock to broaden its geographic reach.
This Date in Baseball - Aug. 17 (AP) AP - 1904  #151; Jesse Tannehill of the Boston Red Sox pitched a no-hitter, beating the Chicago White Sox 6-0.
Nation's Charter Schools Lagging Behind, U.S. Test Scores Reveal The findings dealt a blow to supporters of the charter school movement, including the Bush administration.
BA set to hold key strike talks British Airways is due to hold important talks with union bosses in a bid to avoid industrial action.
Yahoo to Sell Domain Names (AP) AP - Yahoo Inc. plans to start selling Internet domain names Tuesday as part of its expanding services for small businesses.
Rival Targets Apple's ITunes Customers (AP) AP - For more than a year, Apple Computers Inc. enjoyed singular success selling songs exclusively to users of its iPod portable music player. Now, it's...
Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat Linux Network scores two military-related deals for Linux clusters.
IBM to round out iSeries Power5 server family Big Blue is set to debut the eServer i5 550, an iSeries machine it created to serve midsize businesses.
Sides Still Far Apart With two fruitless negotiating sessions behind them and only one month left before an NHL lockout, the league and the players association will return to the bargaining table on...
Hezbollah Re-Elects Sheik Hassan Nasrallah (AP) AP - Hezbollah's executive has re-elected Sheik Hassan Nasrallah as leader of the militant Shiite Muslim movement, according to a statement Monday by...
Clashes persist in South Ossetia Heavy fighting is reported in Georgia's breakaway South Ossetia region after the deaths of two soldiers.
Briefly: Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat roundup Plus: Sprint to bake in BlackBerry for businesses...Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls in \$16 million.
Search Engines and Competitive Research Search engines can tell you a lot about your competition, if you know what to look for. A panel of experts offers tips on profiling your competition.
Real launches 'Freedom of Choice Campaign' (MacCentral) MacCentral - RealNetworks will tout its new Windows-only Harmony technology, which allows files from its music store to be played on Apple's...
Marlins Defeat Dodgers 4-2 (AP) AP - Miguel Cabrera homered and Mike Lowell singled home the go-ahead run, helping the Florida Marlins beat the Dodgers 4-2 on Monday night in Paul Lo Duca's return to...
Google Says It's Set to End Stock Auction Google might close the bidding in its auction-style initial public offering late Tuesday, moving it one step away from becoming a publicly traded company.
Safety Gap Grows Wider Between S.U.V.'s and Cars People driving or riding in a sport utility vehicle in 2003 were nearly 11 percent more likely to die in an accident than people in cars.
China Typhoon Death Toll Rises to 164 (Reuters) Reuters - The worst typhoon to hit China in seven\years killed at least 164 people and another 24 were listed as\missing, Xinhua news agency said on...
Coke's Heyer to Go, May Join Starwood  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co.'s president and chief  operating officer, Steven Heyer, will leave the company on  Sept. 1 after missing out on the top job...
Dollar Struggles to Extend Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar struggled to extend gains  against the euro in rangebound trade on Tuesday after  recovering from multi-week lows on...
AL Wrap: Redman Helps Athletics Maintain AL West Lead  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Redman pitched eight strong  innings as the Oakland Athletics clung on to first place in the  American League West...
Australian opposition pulls ahead in close election race, polls show (AFP) AFP - Australia's opposition has clawed back a potentially election-winning lead, boosted by its insistence on extra...
Iraqi Delegation Set for Najaf Peace Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi political and religious leaders\prepared to go to the holy city of Najaf on Tuesday in a\last-ditch bid to persuade a radical...
Indonesia Reduces Jail Sentences of Militants (Reuters) Reuters - Six convicted Indonesian militants\linked to the deadly blasts in Bali in 2002 have received a two\month reduction of their jail...
Iraqi Delegation Set for Najaf Peace Bid  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi political and religious leaders  prepared to go to the holy city of Najaf on Tuesday in a  last-ditch bid to persuade a radical...
NL Wrap: Pujols Drives in Five Runs as Cardinals Rout Reds (Reuters) Reuters - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth\time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St\Louis Cardinals routed...
NL Wrap: Pujols Drives in Five Runs as Cardinals Rout Reds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth  time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St  Louis Cardinals...
Oil Prices Slip Below \$46; Risks Abound  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices fell \$1 below record highs  on Tuesday as fears over supply disruptions in Venezuela eased  after President Hugo Chavez won...
Dollar Stalls Despite Capital Flows  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar barely moved on Tuesday,  struggling to sustain a modest bounce from multi-week lows  against the euro made on bigger-than-expected...
Global Warming Menaces California Wine Industry (Reuters) Reuters - California will become hotter and\drier by the end of the century, menacing the valuable wine and\dairy industries, even if...
New intelligence reform bill may pit US Congress against White House (AFP) AFP - The powerful chairman of the US Senate intelligence committee promised to introduce this week a new intelligence...
Oil Prices Slip Below  #36;46; Risks Abound (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices fell  #36;1 below record highs\on Tuesday as fears over supply disruptions in Venezuela eased\after President Hugo Chavez...
Sprinters' coach confident Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou's coach believes they will be cleared by the IOC.
Professor devises climate-based model to predict football sackings (AFP) AFP - The life of a football manager in the English Premiership is frantic, pressured and apt to end in sometimes arbitrary...
Tokyo Shares Rise But Oil Worries Weigh  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Japanese shares rebounded from  three-month lows on Tuesday but stubbornly high oil prices and  concern over their impact on corporate...
Celtics Sign Gugliotta, Wait on Payton (AP) AP - Ten days after trading for Gary Payton, the Boston Celtics still have no idea if the nine-time All-Star will ever wear a Celtics' uniform.
Giants Clobber Expos 8-5 (AP) AP - Pinch-hitter Ricky Ledee hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the San Francisco Giants took over the NL wild-card lead with their fifth straight...
Study: Global Warming Could Change Calif. (AP) AP - Global warming could cause dramatically hotter summers and a depleted snow pack in California, leading to a sharp increase in heat-related deaths...
EU nations slam Tiger rebels as fresh killings dim Sri Lanka peace hopes (AFP) AFP - European Union nations criticised Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels for killing rivals and recruiting child soldiers,...
Storage Services Market Heading To  #36;30 Billion (TechWeb) TechWeb - The growth comes as more vendors offer more software to offset the plunge in storage hardware prices.
Oracle Releases New CRM Software (TechWeb) TechWeb - Integration of sales and marketing is key to new release.
Researchers Find New Species of Bird (AP) AP - Filipino and British wildlife researchers say they've stumbled upon what appears to be a new species of flightless bird found only on the tiny forested...
Israeli Soldiers Kill Two Gaza Militants (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot and killed two\Palestinian militants near a Jewish settlement in the Gaza\Strip on Tuesday, Palestinian and Israeli...
Sharon Approves 1,000 Settlement Homes in W.Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  has approved building tenders for 1,000 homes in Jewish  settlements in the West Bank...
Mass. still a no-go for Geic Geico Corp., the nation's fifth-largest auto insurer, started selling policies in New Jersey yesterday for the first time in 28 years, leaving Massachusetts as the lone...
Bank of America signs in They served up a giant Bank of America sheet cake, festooned the bank branch with balloons, and dispatched smiling greeters to welcome customers in upstate New York...
Stakes high for Windows upgrade Microsoft Corp. has put the finishing touches on one of its biggest software overhauls ever after conceding that its Windows XP operating system -- which runs as many...
For the record Correction: Because of a reporting error, an article in yesterday's Nation pages incorrectly described a Bush campaign ad's accusation about John Kerry's role on the Senate...
Citizens gets US OK for Charter One buy Federal regulators granted Citizens Financial Group approval for its biggest acquisition to date, Charter One Financial Inc. of Ohio. The Federal Reserve Board...
Stocks surge amid upbeat outlooks NEW YORK -- A drop in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's helped send stocks sharply higher yesterday, with the swing exaggerated by thin late...
Krispy Kreme operating chief quits WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. -- Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc.'s John Tate quit as chief operating officer amid a government probe of the chain's accounting and earnings...
FDA adopts 'lighter touch' on drug imports WASHINGTON -- Federal drug regulators are using a  quot;lighter touch quot; in their efforts to stop a growing number of cities and states from importing...
Power line's cost could grow 40 NEW YORK -- Northeast Utilities , UIL Holdings Corp. , and New England's grid operator have proposed changes to a planned power line in Southwest Connecticut that...
January trial is set for former HealthSouth CEO BIRMINGHAM, Ala. -- A federal judge has scheduled jury selection in the fraud trial of fired HealthSouth Corp. chief executive Richard Scrushy to begin...
Taking a crash course For Doug Mientkiewicz, the hardest part of playing second turned out not to be the double play pivot, fielding ground balls, or applying the tag on a steal. No, it came when he...
Blue Jays hope to go places with Gibbons From Montana to Maine, Puerto Rico to Canada, John Gibbons tagged along wherever the military deemed his father should live. The constant travel gave him a...
Sox and bonds There are games in which players renew their vows as teammates, and last night's 8-4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays was one of them. It may not have been as clear as it was in the...
Ainge is waitin' for Payton During a press conference yesterday, Celtics director of basketball operations Danny Ainge answered his cell phone, turned to the audience of reporters, and said, ...
American says US backed his jail KABUL, Afghanistan -- Jonathan Keith Idema, an American accused of running a freelance antiterror operation and private prison in Afghanistan, testified in court...
Communists condemn whistle-blower BEIJING -- A Communist Party whistle-blower who publicly accused his superiors of tolerating official corruption has been condemned for breaking party rules and...
Business economists say terror the biggest risk in US (AFP) AFP - Terrorism poses the biggest short-term threat to the US economy, a panel of top business economists said in a survey.
Google market debut draws near Google's market flotation draws a step closer as the firm asks regulators to approve the paperwork.
New Ernie machine to make debut The new version of Ernie - the number cruncher which selects premium bond prizes - is to be unveiled on Tuesday.
EasyMobile faces Orange showdown Easyjet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou faces a potential clash with Orange over plans for a mobile phone service.
Saudis Use 9-11 Report in U.S Ad Campaign (AP) AP - Stung by criticism about its role in fighting terrorism, Saudi Arabia has launched a radio advertising campaign in 19 U.S. cities citing the Sept....
Mexican Migrant Seeks U.S. Work Visa (AP) AP - Omar Garcia Escobedo's family thought their 25-year-old son had, like so many other migrants seeking work in the United States, drowned trying to cross...
Stressed, Depressed Japan Princess May Visit Brunei (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Crown Princess Masako, who\officials say is suffering from a mental disorder caused by the\stress of adapting to royal...
Nepal Army on Alert, Hotel Shut After Bombs  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Nepal put its security forces on  alert on Tuesday to counter a threat by Maoist guerrillas to  blockade the capital, as tourists...
Motorola Expects Strong Sales Growth  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Motorola Inc., the world's  second-largest mobile phone maker, said on Tuesday it expects  to sustain strong sales growth in the second...
Fighting in Western Afghanistan Kills 3 (AP) AP - Fighting between rival factions in western Afghanistan killed three militiamen and injured another seven, officials said Tuesday, despite the...
Phelps's chase of Spitz mark? It's history This was the event Michael Phelps didn't really need to compete in if his goal was to win eight golds. He probably would have had a better chance somewhere...
US dominance an impossible dream It has come to this: Good thing we're in the easy bracket. The United States men's basketball team is in Pool B, along with Greece, Australia, Lithuania, Angola, and,...
Rangers remain in step Brian Jordan hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers extended their winning streak to four games with a 5-2 victory over the visiting Cleveland...
Watson holdout ends After an 18-day holdout during which he parted ways with his second agent (IMG's Tom Condon , who replaced Darrell Wills , formerly of IMG but now decertified) and hired a third (...
A bit of a head-scratcher In many professional leagues recently, the defending champion has had a smooth start to the season. Mexico proved to be an exception, though, as UNAM Pumas fell to Tecos,...
Czech hockey coach Hlinka dies after car crash Ivan Hlinka, a former Pittsburgh Penguins coach who led the Czech Republic to a gold medal at the 1998 Nagano Olympics, died yesterday after being...
Bronze is golden to Methuen's Pedro Standing in the snow at a medal celebration at the 2002 Winter Games at Salt Lake City, Jimmy Pedro had a sudden inspiration. He took out his cellphone and called...
Greeks get surprise gold in synchronized diving It was a glorious surprise, igniting a party complete with song and dance: The Greeks won the first gold medal of their hometown Olympics with an...
McCool not getting off the mat The US women's gymnastics team, which wlll go after Olympic gold tonight, will be doing it without Courtney McCool , whom the coaching staff left off the roster after...
Red Sox and Patriots ceremoniously beaten Boston sports fans have a track record. Predictably, we watch the Red Sox, Patriots, and big events. So it gets interesting when they go head to head, as...
Today's schedule Pro baseball: Red Sox vs. Toronto at Fenway Park, 7 p.m.; Atlantic League -- Nashua vs. Camden at Holman Stadium, Nashua, 6:30 p.m.; International League -- Pawtucket vs. Buffalo at...
Israel to Build New Housing Units (AP) AP - The Israeli government on Tuesday invited construction bids for 1,001 new homes in Jewish settlements in the West Bank, an official said, in direct...
Sharon 'backs settlement homes' Reports say Israeli PM Ariel Sharon has given the green light to new homes in West Bank settlements.
Oprah to sit on murder trial jury US television host Oprah Winfrey is picked to sit on the jury for a murder trial in her home city of Chicago.
Motorola Expects Strong Sales Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc., the world's\second-largest mobile phone maker, said on Tuesday it expects\to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of...
U.S. Handling of Helicopter Crash Irks Okinawa (Reuters) Reuters - Cities in Okinawa expressed outrage at\the U.S. military on Tuesday for refusing to allow Japanese\police investigate the wreckage...
Testimony Opens in 9/11 Retrial Case (AP) AP - A witness who knew the Hamburg-based Sept. 11 hijackers outlined the group's hatred of Israel and said its members believed suicide attacks were...
Home PCs to get key Windows fix PC owners will be able to download a major security update for Windows XP as from Wednesday.
Science creates 'own mavericks' Britain's scientific community fuels controversies by shunning colleagues with rebel ideas, research suggests.
Ward, Pujols, Jones Put Up Big Numbers (AP) AP - Daryle Ward, Albert Pujols and Chipper Jones had big nights at the plate at the expense of National League pitchers.
Olympics: Greeks Dive for Joy, More Gold for Thorpe  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece was plunged in national  self-satisfaction on Tuesday after its synchronized divers won  the host nation's first gold...
India agree contracts India players agree central contracts for the first time, with top stars netting a basic salary of 59,000.
Mortar Attack in Central Baghdad Kills 5 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents fired a mortar on a busy street in central Baghdad on Tuesday, killing five people and wounding 30, the Interior Ministry and...
Oil Slips Below \$46 on Venezuela, Russia  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Tuesday as fears of  supply disruptions in Venezuela and Russia receded following a  convincing referendum victory...
Crack Fedora Core and Red Hat Enterprise Linux &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 at The Reg Bookshop
Burundi Army Says Might Enter Congo After Massacre (Reuters) Reuters - The Burundian army said on Tuesday it\might cross into neighboring Congo to pursue rebels and militia\it blames for massacring...
New Flightless Bird Species Found Off Philippines (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists have discovered a new\species of flightless bird on a remote island in the\Philippines, the conservation group...
Macromedia to bolster video on the Web Macromedia on Tuesday is announcing a video kit to enable users of its authoring tools suite, Macromedia Studio MX 2004 with Flash Professional, to more easily...
Olympics: China Halfway to Completing Medals Plan  ATHENS (Reuters) - China led the Olympic medal race going  into the fourth day of competition on Tuesday with 10 golds.
NY Seen Steady; Eyes on AMAT, Motorola (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was set for a steady start\on Tuesday as crude oil prices eased, with results from chip\group Applied Materials (AMAT.O) and...
Burundi Army Says Might Enter Congo After Massacre  BUJUMBURA (Reuters) - The Burundi army said on Tuesday it  might cross into neighboring Congo to pursue rebels and militia  it blames for...
Home Depot Quarterly Profit Rises (Reuters) Reuters - Home Depot Inc. (HD.N), the world's\largest home improvement retailer, on Tuesday said quarterly\profit rose, topping estimates, as technology...
Home Depot Quarterly Profit Rises  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HD.N&lt;/A&gt;,...
Dollar Mired Near Lows Before U.S. Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hovered near a one-month low  against the euro on Tuesday as investors awaited U.S. inflation  data later in the day for clues...
American Allies Embrace U.S. Military Plan (AP) AP - American allies Japan and Australia embraced a new U.S. plan to restructure its forces abroad, while Russia said it was not concerned by the...
Taiwan Offers Compromise on Direct China Links  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian proposed  on Tuesday to define direct transport links with rival China as  cross-Strait routes, in a...
Baghdad Blast Kills Seven, Najaf Fighting Rages  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A shell killed seven people in a busy  Baghdad street on Tuesday and U.S. forces fought pitched  battles with Shi'ite militia in...
Oil giant Yukos in plea for time Russian oil giant Yukos is to ask a Moscow court for more time to pay its tax bill.
Finance workers in union merger A total of 140,000 members at union Unifi are absorbed into Amicus to create a 'super-union' for UK finance workers.
IT managers prescribe holistic security &lt;strong&gt;Reg Reader Studies&lt;/strong&gt; But don't swallow own medicine
UK gamers rush to snap up Doom 3 The eagerly anticipated Doom 3 has stormed to the top of the UK games charts.
Wanted: Sleeping Space for Protesters. Hot Water Optional. The protesters coming to New York are receiving an outpouring of hospitality from scores of people who are opening their homes as temporary,...
Dollar Mired Near Lows Before U.S. Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hovered near a one-month low\against the euro on Tuesday as investors awaited U.S. inflation\data later in the day for clues on...
Home Depot Profit Tops Estimates on Sales  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N...
Warming threatens California wine California is to get hotter and drier by the end of the century, threatening its valuable wine industry.
North Korea Talks Still On, China Tells Downer  BEIJING (Reuters) - North Korea's refusal to take part in  working-level talks on the nuclear crisis prompted a diplomatic  flurry on Tuesday with...
Israel Invites Bids in Construction Plan (AP) AP - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved bids for construction of 1,000 homes in Jewish West Bank settlements after freezing them earlier...
Higher oil prices to trim China's 2004 GDP growth (AFP) AFP - Surging oil prices could moderate China's economy this year as rising costs push inflation higher, hitting corporate profits and consumer...
Motorola Expects Strong Sales Growth Motorola Inc., the world's\second-largest mobile phone maker, said on Tuesday it expects\to sustain strong sales growth in the second half of 2004\thanks to new...
Soldering Surprise There's nothing routine about working in space, as astronaut Mike Fincke found out recently when he did some soldering onboard the International Space Station.
U.S. Gymnasts End Rebuilding With Silver (AP) AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand.
Three Members of Bhutto's Party Killed (AP) AP - Unidentified gunmen opened fire on supporters of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's party ahead of a key by-election, killing three people, police...
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has  approved building tenders for 1,000 more Israeli settlement  homes in the occupied West...
Staples Posts Sharply Higher Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Staples Inc. (SPLS.O), the top U.S.\office products retailer, on Tuesday reported a 39 percent jump\in quarterly profit as a weaker dollar...
Vote now to name BSA's antipiracy weasel &lt;strong&gt;Poll&lt;/strong&gt; The Mother of all Mustelid polls
Russian Court Rejects Researchers' Appeal (AP) AP - The Russian Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected an appeal from an arms control researcher who was sentenced to 15 years in prison for treason in what...
Blu-ray burns for interactive content Flashy features could tempt consumers--and that tempts Hollywood, which could help Blu-ray beat out a rival technology.
Standards battle could shoot both sides in foot Tussle over next-generation DVD format could alienate consumers.\
Revealing Hospital Gowns Redesigned PORTLAND, Maine - Whether its blue or spotted or stripped, the standard issue hospital gown is drafty and revealing. It's embarrassing for just about anyone who's...
Stocks to Be in a Cautious Mood at Open NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen in a cautious mood at the open Tuesday as investors weigh up the merits of Monday's oil-inspired rally...
Hostile Takeover The battle moves to the political arena as Taipei and Beijing wrap up their wargames
Giving Back Hope A controversial procedure for injured spines has turned a Beijing hospital into a medical mecca\
Home Depot Rises Before the Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares in Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N...
BOFH takes a hit from Cupid's arrow &lt;strong&gt;Episode 26&lt;/strong&gt; Shall I compare thee to an OS2-free Intel box?
Nortel Says Canada Plans Accounting Probe Nortel Networks Corp. said on Monday the Royal Canadian Mounted Police told\the company it will begin a criminal investigation into
Two Plead Not Guilty in Hacking Case Two men accused of aiding a Romanian man charged with hacking into the online ordering system of the world's largest computer equipment distributor pleaded not...
Rival Targets Apple's ITunes Customers For more than a year, Apple Computers Inc. enjoyed singular success selling songs exclusively to users of its iPod portable music player. Now, it's got rival...
Free-Speech for Online Gambling Ads Sought The operator of a gambling news site on the Internet has asked a federal judge to declare that advertisements in U.S. media for foreign online casinos and...
US hurricane victims face turmoil Many victims of Florida's worst hurricane for years are still homeless, with no electricity or telephone services.
Google seeks OK to sell shares Google has signaled that its share auction is nearly complete, asking the Securities and Exchange Commission for approval to begin selling 25.7 million shares of stock...
\$1.1b deal to join hospital chains BRENTWOOD, Tenn. -- LifePoint Hospitals Inc. , an operator of acute care facilities in rural areas, outlined a deal yesterday to buy rival Province Healthcare Co....
J.C. Penney Posts Second-Quarter Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Department store operator J.C. Penney\Co. Inc. (JCP.N) on Tuesday posted a second-quarter profit,\reversing a year-earlier loss, helped by...
German investor confidents slides on high oil prices (AFP) AFP - Investor confidence in Germany has declined more sharply than anticipated, a major economic think tank said, as high oil prices put a...
J.C. Penney Posts Second-Quarter Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator J.C. Penney  Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCP.N...
Staples Profit Up Sharply, to Enter China  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Staples Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SPLS.O...
Estee Lauder Quarterly Profit Climbs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cosmetics manufacturer Estee Lauder  Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EL.N...
BJ's Profit Rises; Food, Gas Sales Strong  CHICAGO (Reuters) - BJ's Wholesale Club Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BJ.N...
PalmOne Unveils SD Wi-Fi Card (PC World) PC World - Tiny 802.11b adapter will work with Zire 72, Tungsten T3 handhelds.
Americans Miss Cut In a stunning blow to the U.S., Americans Ian Crocker and Jason Lezak miss the cut in the 100-meter freestyle preliminaries.
Twins of the world unite in France (AFP) AFP - A tiny French village in Brittany -- the self proclaimed capital of twin-dom -- has played host to an international gathering of thousands of identical...
Developing states to seek voice in fighting terror (Reuters) Reuters - Developing nations launched their annual diplomatic summit on Tuesday with a plea to the United States and other powerful...
Symantec Upgrades Norton Security Products Revamped Norton AntiVirus, Personal Firewall, and AntiSpam tools fight pests and dangers online.
Afghan president gains backing of militia commanders ahead of polls (AFP) AFP - A lieutenant of powerful northern warlord General Abdul Rashid Dostam pledged to back incumbent Hamid Karzai in the...
Iraqi Delegation Flies to Najaf in Peace Bid  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A delegation of Iraqi political and  religious leaders flew out of Baghdad on U.S. military  helicopters Tuesday, heading for Najaf...
U.S. to Give Cuba  #36;50,000 Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - Cubans hit hard by hurricane Charley will receive  #36;50,000 in U.S. assistance, the State Department said Friday.
Euro industrial production slows Industrial production in the eurozone \falls by 0.4 in June from May, with Germany registering the biggest fall.
German welfare rallies escalate Eastern Germany sees more mass protests over welfare cuts, with smaller rallies in western cities.
Ice yields ancient 'plant matter' Scientists drilling ice cores in Greenland have recovered what appear to be plant remains from nearly 3km (two miles) below the surface.
Many engineers lack a four-year degree The news comes as some observers warn that the United States needs to focus more on training scientists and engineers.
AMD begins shipments of Oakville mobile chips Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) has begun shipping commercial versions of its Athlon 64 processors made using a 90-nanometer process, marking another...
Google seeks to end auction Tuesday Google Inc. wants to conclude its share auction Tuesday, setting the stage for its stock to go public Wednesday, according to a statement on its IPO (initial...
Germany Shaken by U.S. Plans to Withdraw Troops  BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government said on Tuesday  U.S. plans to pull out 30,000 troops were a sign of Europe's  divisions being healed, but...
Americans Miss Cut in 100-Meter Freestyle ATHENS, Greece - Top American sprinters Jason Lezak and Ian Crocker missed the cut in the Olympic 100-meter freestyle preliminaries Tuesday, a stunning blow...
790,000 Still Have No Power in Florida PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - About 790,000 people remain without power in Florida in the aftermath of Hurricane Charley, and officials estimate it could take weeks to...
'Boots' Takes Gold at the Ferret Olympics SPRINGFIELD, Ore. - While world-class athletes were grunting and groaning on the other side of the Atlantic Sunday, "Boots" went for the gold here in his own...
Saks Posts Wider Second-Quarter Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Saks Inc. (SKS.N) on Tuesday posted a\wider quarterly loss as poor sales at its lower-priced\department stores outweighed a strong performance...
July Consumer Prices Drop, Energy Tumbles  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July  for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in energy  costs reversed, the government...
Housing Starts Rebound Sharply in July  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Housing starts rebounded sharply in  July, making up almost all the ground lost in a June slump by  posting their largest monthly...
Home Depot, Motorola Rise Before Bell  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N...
Researchers Develop Method to Find Algae (AP) AP - Marine researchers are hoping to prevent tides of destructive algae from killing fish and fouling beaches through early detection of the microscopic...
U.S. Brokers Cease-fire in Western Afghanistan  KABUL (Reuters) - The United States has brokered a  cease-fire between a renegade Afghan militia leader and the  embattled governor of the western...
Football: Liverpool sign Nunez Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez seals the signing of Antonio Nunez from Real Madrid.
July Consumer Prices Drop, Energy Tumbles (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July\for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in energy\costs reversed, the government said...
Housing Starts Rebound Sharply in July (Reuters) Reuters - Housing starts rebounded sharply in\July, making up almost all the ground lost in a June slump by\posting their largest monthly percentage...
Consumer Prices Dip in July Consumer prices, which have been buffeted this year by soaring energy costs, fell by 0.1 percent in July as gasoline costs posted their biggest decline in eight months,...
Groups: Ill. Butterfly Population Falling (AP) AP - The number of butterflies fluttering around the Chicago area has dropped dramatically this summer, experts and enthusiasts say.
Rescue workers comb storm-hit Cornish village after flash flood horror (AFP) AFP - Rescue workers combed a coastal village in north Cornwall for missing persons after a flash flood sent a wall of...
Vietnam Hosts Investment Conference (AP) AP - Hoping to boost business ties with Singapore, Vietnam's prime minister opened a forum here Tuesday with promises of economic reform and continued growth.
Auto Retailer CarMax Cuts Profit Outlook (Reuters) Reuters - Auto retailer CarMax Inc. (KMX.N) on\Tuesday said it was cutting its second-quarter earnings\forecast due to slower-than-expected used-car...
Stocks Set to Open Up After Reports  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open higher on  Tuesday after an economic report showed U.S. consumer prices  dropped in July for the first time in...
Treasuries Edge Ahead on Inflation Relief  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices firmed on Tuesday  after a key reading of U.S. inflation proved  softer-than-expected, a relief to investors in...
Chain Store Sales Growth Slows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hurricanes Bonnie and Charley slowed  U.S. chain store sales growth in the latest week, a report said  on Tuesday.
Cool Weather Killed Gypsy Moths in Wis. (AP) AP - Wisconsin's annual battle against a leaf-eating insect got some help from this spring's nasty weather, which resulted in a huge decline in tree...
Broadband offers magical journey A 'magic carpet' to take children around the world is one of the projects that has won a community net award.
BHP Billiton year to June profit seen up sharply on higher prices, demand (AFP) AFP - Australian resources firm BHP Billiton is expected to post sharply higher earnings in the year to June aided by...
Profits Up for Farm Equipment Maker Deere  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Deere   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DE.N...
Oil Eases on Venezuela, Russia Optimism  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices eased on Tuesday as fears of  supply disruptions receded following a convincing referendum  victory in Venezuela for President...
Consumer Prices Fell Modestly in July Consumer prices fell by 0.1 percent in July as gasoline costs posted their biggest decline in eight months, the government reported today.
Home Depot Reports 19 Percent Rise in Profits Home Depot reported a jump in second-quarter profit on record sales as it benefited from strong performance in stores open at least a year.
Microsoft delays SP2 auto update Slowdown will give big companies more time to hunt down compatibility problems, the company says.
Google set to list as soon as Wednesday (AFP) AFP - Google Inc.'s hotly anticipated share listing appears set to launch as early as Wednesday.
IBM rolls out midrange eServer i5 IBM is filling in the center of its Power 5-based eServer i5 lineup on Tuesday, unwrapping a four-way system aimed at midsize companies looking to consolidate a...
NBA Olympians feel urgency after stunning loss (AFP) AFP - Telephone calls from flabergasted friends back home have helped install a sense of urgency in the United States Olympic basketball team in...
Court to Consider Yukos' Plea on Tax Bill (AP) AP - A Russian court on Tuesday was to consider the beleaguered Yukos oil company's appeal to suspend government efforts to collect  #36;3.4 billion in...
Iraq Peace Mission in Najaf; Baghdad Blast Kills 7  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi political and religious  leaders trying to end a radical Shi'ite uprising flew into  Najaf Tuesday, where U.S. troops...
Ugandan Army Says Nine LRA Rebels Killed  KAMPALA, Uganda (Reuters) - Ugandan troops killed nine  Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebels after a devastating raid on  the group's headquarters in southern...
Consumer Prices Drop, Housing Starts Soar (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July\for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in energy\costs reversed, the government said...
Profits Up for Farm Equipment Maker Deere (Reuters) Reuters - Deere   Co. (DE.N), one of the world's\largest farm equipment makers, on Tuesday said quarterly\earnings jumped sharply, driven in part...
BJ's Wholesale Reports  #36;28M 2Q Profit (AP) AP - BJ's Wholesale Club Inc. said Tuesday that sales growth boosted second-quarter earnings 25 percent, and the bulk retailer disclosed it faces ...
Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time is running out for prospective  investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc,  the Web's No. 1 search company.
HP's Unix base offered Opteron carrot &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Come for a stroll in the Sun
Exploring Venus: The Hothouse Planet Before spaceprobes could photograph Venus up close, the second planet from the Sun was often compared to a sister world, much like the Earth. Planetary scientist,...
Yahoo Offering Cheaper Domain Names and Hosting Yahoo Offering Cheaper Domain Names and Hosting\\Yahoo has changed their small business targeting approach by offering domain names for \$9.95 as part...
Moldovan summertime 'Love Under a Lime Tree' sets European hips swinging (AFP) AFP - Europe's youth has been singing in Romanian this summer thanks to a Moldovan boys band that has swept to the top...
Americans Falter in 100M Freestyle Prelims ATHENS, Greece - Top American sprinters Jason Lezak and Ian Crocker missed the cut in the Olympic 100-meter freestyle preliminaries Tuesday, a stunning blow...
Consumer Prices Fall As Gas Costs Drop WASHINGTON - Consumer prices, which have been buffeted this year by soaring energy costs, fell by 0.1 percent in July as gasoline costs posted their biggest...
U.S. July Output Up; Factories Run Faster  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. industrial output advanced in  July, as American factories operated at their highest capacity  in more than three years, a...
Google IPO Auction to End Tonight Google IPO Auction to End Tonight\\Google has requested that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) declare the Google IPO registration statement...
U.S. Brokers Cease-fire in Western Afghanistan (Reuters) Reuters - The United States has brokered a\cease-fire between a renegade Afghan militia leader and the\embattled governor of the western...
Warming threatens California wine California will become hotter and drier by the end of the century, threatening its valuable wine and dairy industries, US experts say.
Phaithful Phlock to the Phinish as the 21-Year Jam Ends in Tears Phish made its farewell in Vermont this past weekend in true Phish style: playing its own musical marathon, swarmed by adoring fans...
Stocks Open Higher on Housing, CPI Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday  after two separate reports showed inflationary pressure was  held in check in July and U.S. housing...
Iraqi Peace Mission in Najaf; Baghdad Blast Kills 7  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi political and religious  leaders trying to end a radical Shi'ite uprising flew into  Najaf Tuesday, where U.S....
U.S. July Output Up; Factories Run Faster (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. industrial output advanced in\July, as American factories operated at their highest capacity\in more than three years, a Federal...
Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google (Reuters) Reuters - Time is running out for prospective\investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc,\the Web's No. 1 search company.
Intel Delays Digital TV Chips (PC World) PC World - Chip maker postpones yet another product launch.
Greek Athletes Shocked by Accusations  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece's top two athletes, facing a  state prosecutor's investigation over missed drug tests and a  motorbike crash, left hospital Tuesday...
Fish Dumped at Landmark in Pollution Protest (Reuters) Reuters - Environment activists piled thousands of\dead fish at the foot of Berlin's biggest tourist attraction,\the Brandenburg Gate, Tuesday...
Auto Retailer CarMax Trims Outlook  DETROIT (Reuters) - Auto retailer CarMax Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KMX.N...
Home Depot Sees 2Q Profit Jump The Home Depot Inc. reported a nearly 19 percent jump in second-quarter profit on record sales as it benefited from strong performance in stores open at least a year....
Final frontier: 'Star Wars Trilogy' on DVD (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Fans and retailers alike are preparing for the assault of the most anticipated DVD of them all: the Star Wars Trilogy.
Stock lawsuit possible in telecom merger plan (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Former MediaOne Group executives are exploring a class-action lawsuit over Cingular's insistence that AT amp;T Wireless...
Autodesk: Piracy in India Costs Us  #36;367M (AP) AP - American design software developer Autodesk Inc. said Tuesday it is losing  #36;367 million in potential revenues each year because of software...
IBM Adds New Power5  iSeries Server (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company introduces a new midrange server and expands management and support across the i5 server line.
Blind Students to Help Launch NASA Rocket By ALEX DOMINGUEZ    BALTIMORE (AP) -- A dozen blind students from across the United States are at a summer camp this week working on a project most don't...
Scientist Advocates for Embryonic Stem Cell Research By KATHARINE WEBSTER     MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) -- A Nobel laureate in medicine says the Bush administration's limits on funding for embryonic stem...
The Playboy Google Interview The Google Playboy Interview In Its Entirety\\The infamous Playboy Interview of Sergey Brin and Larry Page, the Google Guys, is now not only available on newsstands all...
Text Message Leads Police to Killers (AP) AP - A Belgian teenager fired off a mobile phone text message to her father that his live-in girlfriend was trying to kill her in a plea for help just before...
Deere Earnings Jump, Raises 2004 Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Deere   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DE.N...
Real is playing for keeps in music price war (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - RealNetworks today is slashing the price of a digital download to 49 cents a song from 99 cents - a bold move in the war...
RealNetworks Tries to Core Apple RealNetworks launched round two in its heavyweight digital music match against Apple Computer, slashing the cost of its music downloads to take business away from...
Rival Targets Apple's ITunes Music Customers By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- For more than a year, Apple Computers Inc. enjoyed singular success selling songs exclusively to users of its iPod...
Intel Delays Launch of New Projection TV Chip By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- In another product postponement, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. (INTC) said it won't be offering a chip for...
Bikes Bring Internet to Indian Villagers By S. SRINIVASAN    BITHOOR, India (AP) -- For 12-year-old Anju Sharma, hope for a better life arrives in her poor farming village three days a week on a...
MSN Closes Search Engine Technology Preview MSN Closes Search Engine Technology Preview\\Microsoft's MSN has closed down the preview/beta page of MSN Search Engine Technology ResearchBuzz reports....
NHL Labor Negotiations Set to Resume (AP) AP - With two fruitless negotiating sessions behind them and only one month left before an NHL lockout, the league and the players association will return to...
Dollar Gains on Euro After Muted U.S. CPI  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar posted gains against the  euro on Tuesday, digesting a slew of U.S. economic data that  failed to substantially alter...
High oil prices hit China growth Rising oil prices are expected to hit China's growth rate this year.
US prices in surprise July slide US consumer prices  fell by 0.1 in July, the first fall this year, reducing the chances of a September interest rate rise.
RealNetworks Tries to Core Apple (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - RealNetworks really knows how to pick a fight. First, the Seattle-based company landed a sucker punch on Apple Computer last...
Google IPO Awaits Final Approval In a sign that Google Inc. (GOOG)'s initial public offering is imminent, the Internet search company has asked federal regulators to give final approval to the...
Charges laid against eight British terror suspects (AFP) AFP - Eight men arrested in an anti-terror swoop in London and other parts of England two weeks ago were charged with conspiracy to murder and...
Father of Pakistan Al Qaeda Suspect Files Petition  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The father of a computer engineer  detained in Pakistan last month for suspected links with al  Qaeda filed a petition...
Eight men face terror charges Police in the UK charge eight men with terror offences, including conspiracy to murder.
Protester sparks security review Olympics organisers order tighter security after a man leaps into the pool during a synchronised diving final.
Man charged with killing ex-miner A 42-year-old man is charged with killing a former miner who was found on his Nottinghamshire doorstep.
Iraqis on Mission to End Najaf Insurgency BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq's national conference sent a delegation bearing a peace proposal to Najaf on Tuesday, hoping to end the standoff with radical Shiite...
Sharon Resumes West Bank Construction JERUSALEM - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved bids for construction of 1,000 homes in Jewish West Bank settlements after freezing them earlier...
Stocks Rise on Drop in Consumer Prices NEW YORK - Stocks rose for a second straight session Tuesday as a drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures Tuesday allowed investors to put...
Sharon Resumes West Bank Construction Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved bids for construction of 1,000 homes in Jewish West Bank settlements after freezing them earlier this month,...
Estee Lauder Profit Up, Shares Down (Reuters) Reuters - Cosmetics manufacturer Estee Lauder\Cos. Inc. (EL.N) on Tuesday said quarterly net income jumped 51\percent, bolstered by new product sales and...
Treasuries Up, Rate Hike Still in Offing (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury debt made moderate gains\on Tuesday after a key reading of U.S. inflation proved softer\than expected, a relief to investors...
US industrial production rises 0.4 percent in July (AFP) AFP - American industry lifted output moderately in July, the Federal Reserve said, a sign the economy may be finding its feet after a...
Stocks Up, Data Shows Inflation in Check  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks gained on Tuesday after  two separate economic reports showed inflationary pressure was  held in check in July and U.S....
Kenteris protests innocence Greek sprinter Kostas Kenteris insists he is not a drug cheat as he leaves hospital.
British eventers slip back Great Britain slip down to third after the cross-country round of the three-day eventing.
Drug Shows Promise for Alcoholism Topiramate reduced cravings in small study    HealthDayNews -- A drug called topiramate shows promise as a potential new treatment for alcoholism, according to a...
UAE wins first Olympic gold Ahmed al-Maktoum becomes the first Olympic medallist from the UAE with gold in the men's double shooting trap.
Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc, the Web #39;s No. 1 search company.
Oil Falls on Reduced Concern About Venezuelan, Russian Supply Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil futures fell for a second day after a Russian state railway official said shipments of Yukos Oil Co. oil...
Can Glaser, Jobs find harmony? RealNetworks CEO Rob Glaser has survived longer than most in the Internet business, largely by pulling rabbits out of his hat when the competition least expects it.
PCI: Charley not as devastating as Andrew The Property Casualty Insurers Association of America (PCI), the group from which member companies write about a third of Florida homeowners insurance, said...
Stocks Rise on Drop in Consumer Prices A drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures Tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for the short term, and...
Apax and Permira finalise \$5bn acquisition of moon-landing firm The company that broadcast the moon landings in 1969 and kept the  quot;Hotline quot; open between the White House and the Kremlin...
US Air to Seek 5-Year Extension for Pension Fund Payments S Airways, facing a cash shortage as it tries to avoid another bankruptcy filing, said yesterday that it would seek government permission to...
Housing Starts Rebound Sharply in July WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Housing starts rebounded sharply in July, making up almost all the ground lost in a June slump by posting their largest monthly...
Mills to pay GM unit \$1 bln for stakes in 9 malls NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Mills Corp. (MLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a real estate investment trust, on Tuesday said it agreed to buy a 50...
OFT invites comment on Telegraph deal The Office of Fair Trading has set the clock ticking on the process that could see the Barclay brothers #39; deal to buy the Daily Telegraph reviewed by...
Cantor Fitzgerald spinning off unit NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Institutional broker Cantor Fitzgerald said Tuesday it #39;s spinning off its fixed-income voice brokerage operations into a new partnership,...
Around Asia #39;s Markets: Shopping your way to better returns Singapore real estate investment trusts such as CapitaMall Trust may outperform the market this year as acquisitions of shopping malls...
Microsoft delays SP2 auto update Microsoft is delaying distribution of Windows XP Service Pack 2 via its Automatic Update service by at least nine days in order to give corporate customers more time...
New moons for Saturn Two small moons have been discovered orbiting Saturn by NASA #39;s Cassini-Huygens probe. The find, which was announced yesterday, raises Saturn #39;s satellite count to 33.
Intel Delays LCOS chips for HDTV LCOS technology sandwiches a layer of liquid crystal between a cover glass and a highly reflective, mirror-like surface patterned with pixels that sits on top of a...
Intel delays delivery of chip for projection TVs - report BEIJING (AFX-ASIA) - Intel Corp said it is delaying the delivery of its first chip for projection television sets, while rival Advanced Micro...
CA moves to tackle spyware In a move to round out its computer security offerings, Computer Associates International Inc. yesterday said it acquired Pest Patrol Inc., a Carlisle, Pa., company that...
Hunters are poised as some whales thrive CAP DE BON DSIR, Quebec A few miles from this spit along the pink granite coast of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, there is a sheltered cove that has witnessed the...
PalmOne Unveils Wi-Fi SD Card If you own a Zire 72 or Tungsten T3 and have been longing for better wireless connectivity than their built-in Bluetooth, help is on the way: PalmOne has announced a...
IBM seeks dismissal of breach of contract claims in SCO case IBM has filed court documents seeking a dismissal of a second major component of the lawsuit filed against it last year by Unix supplier...
Many engineers lack a four-year degree More than one-fifth of US science and engineering workers do not have a bachelor #39;s degree, according to a new report from the National Science Foundation.
HP releases  quot;carrier quot; grade Linux for pigeons HP, THE SELLER OF tin and fag-free utopian ideals is flogging commodity, standards-based hardware and software, including Carrier Grade Linux,...
Police officer arrested in Internet sex sting WHITE PLAINS, NY (AP) _ A city police officer was arrested at what he thought would be a sexual rendezvous with a teenage boy, six months after he was...
Researchers Develop Method to Find Algae HOUSTON - Marine researchers are hoping to prevent tides of destructive algae from killing fish and fouling beaches through early detection of the microscopic...
Indian researcher designs revolutionary low cost PC for the poor Professor Raj Reddy, an Indian researcher in artificial intelligence and a professor at Carnegie Mellon University.Has designed a...
3Com partners with wireless switch start-up 3Com is the latest networking company to partner with a wireless LAN switching start-up. 3Com said Monday it will begin reselling a version of the Mobility...
Coral gets its color from bacteria The soft orange glow of a common Caribbean coral comes not from the coral itself but from bacteria that live inside it, US scientists said last week. And the...
2004 Global nanotech spending report Lux Research Inc., a New York-based nanotechnology firm has released a detailed report that suggests global spending on research and capital investment in...
WholeSecurity takes phish-blocking to browser WholeSecurity Inc has released technology that the firm says can be used to block web users from inadvertently accessing phishing web sites. The company...
MyDoom worm still causing problems The experts claim hackers have compromised these sites by exploiting scripting vulnerabilities in their guestbooks.
Hall-of-Fame credentials HAVEN, Wis. -- An official from the World Golf Hall of Fame joined a casual conversation last year about players on the verge of election and someone mentioned Vijay Singh. ...
Plenty of Room at the Inns of Athens Description: In the weeks leading up to the Olympic games in Athens, hotels were expecting huge crowds to flood the city. Lagging ticket sales at Olympic venues...
Pratt advances to third round Australia #39;s Nicole Pratt has advanced to the third round of the tennis event at the Athens Olympics with a three-set win over Italian Tathiana Garbin.
West Indies thrashed by England JUST yesterday, it looked as though West Indies had a chance to finally win their first match in 2004 against England. How quickly that faded away! Simply put, West...
Yao #39;s 39 carries China past New Zealand ATHENS, Greece - Yao Ming bounced back from a rough opening game with 39 points and 13 rebounds to lead China to a 69-62 victory over New Zealand in the...
Olympics-Henin rust-free but Ferrero falters ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Any hint of rust after a 12-week lay-off was long gone by the time Justine Henin-Hardenne took to the Olympic tennis court on...
Rugby-South Africa opt for Venter #39;s physical edge DURBAN, Aug 17 (Reuters) - South Africa hope AJ Venter will add a physical edge to their play in the loose in the deciding Tri-Nations test...
Vatican Says It #39;s Willing #39; to Help End Najaf (Correct) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- The Vatican is willing #39; #39; to help end fighting between militiamen loyal to Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada...
UK village wrecked by flash floods Boscastle - Emergency services searched the wreckage of a picturesque English fishing village on Tuesday for 15 people unaccounted for after flash floods created a...
China #39;s Appeal to North Korea: Attend Nuclear Working Talks China has asked that North Korea attend working-level meetings ahead of the next round of six-party nuclear talks in Beijing.
Chess legend wedding bid  #39;genuine #39; TOKYO, Japan -- The Japanese woman who plans to marry former world chess champion Bobby Fischer says their feelings are genuine.
Al Qaeda operative said to visit Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A senior Al Qaeda operative captured in Britain this month had traveled in March to a militant hideout near the Pakistan-Afghan border...
German welfare rallies escalate Thousands of people have marched through cities across Germany in renewed protests against welfare cuts.
Migrants #39; ordeal ugly side of paradise Pleasant visions of fun in the sun in the Dominican Republic are being shattered by sad images of residents being smuggled away on wooden boats, only to...
Tamil Tigers are unlikely to change their stripes (NEWS ANALYSIS) : India News  gt; New Delhi, Aug 17 : For the first time since Sri Lanka #39;s peace process got under way in February 2002, Tamil...
Deaths in Nigerian cult clashes At least 18 students have been killed in clashes between rival student gangs in south-eastern Nigeria.
Motorola Expects Strong Sales in 2nd Half  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N...
Work Works for Women Women who work are healthier than women who don't have jobs, suggests a study presented Aug. 16 at the American Sociological Association annual meeting in San Francisco. The...
Symantec to reinforce data protection Company's upgrades will put a particular focus on protecting personal information from online thieves.
Google IPO Set to Trade this Week On Monday, Google requested final approval from federal regulators to begin trading their stock. Google has asked that the SEC declare its registration statement...
European/US private equity consortium buys Intelsat in deal valued at \$5bn An unusual alliance of US and European private equity firms has won the auction to buy Bermuda-based satellite business...
Windows Update Operating systems just ain #39;t what they used to be. For a while, Microsoft released a new version of Windows every two or three yearseach creating a ripple effect on how we all used...
New bird survives hungry Filipinos Manila - A new species of flightless bird has been discovered living on a tiny island in the northern Philippines where the inhabitants formerly ate them,...
Intel Delays Digital TV Chips Intel #39;s LCOS (liquid crystal on silicon) high-definition television chips first unveiled at the Consumer Electronics Show in January will not be released in time for...
CA buys PestPatrol anti-spyware developer Computer Associates said Monday it acquired PestPatrol, a firm marketing anti-spyware software to enterprises, small businesses and individual consumers.
KDE 3.3 Linux desktop closes in on Windows The final release of KDE 3.3, an open-source Linux desktop environment, is due in a few days and will give users greatly improved email facilities.
Bill Simmons I #39;m starting to wonder if  quot;Puerto Rico 92, USA 73 quot; was one of those life-altering upsets, along the lines of  quot;USA 4, USSR 3 quot; and  quot;Cadwallader 99, Nevada...
Nunez officially joins Liverpool Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Antonio Nunez arrived at Liverpool Tuesday as part of the deal that sent Michael Owen to Spanish giant Real Madrid.
Iranian judo scandal Iran #39;s Judo champion, a favourite at the Athens Games, has disqualified himself rather than face an Israeli opponent, apparently on the instruction of Iran #39;s Olympic...
The Boks Must Give Lame Kicks the Boot THE Springboks will need to reduce the amount of possession they give away through errant kicking sharply if they are to limit Australia #39;s lethal...
Basketball: China #39;s Yao Takes Anger Out on New Zealand ATHENS (Reuters) - An angry Yao Ming took his frustrations out on New Zealand at the Olympic men #39;s basketball tournament on Tuesday,...
Lara #39;s captaincy on the line at Oval West Indies captain Brian Lara tips his helmet to the fans after becoming one of only four players to reach ten thousand runs in Test matches. Picture:AP ...
Americans lose second beach volleyball match ATHENS, Greece (Ticker) -- The dream of a second consecutive beach volleyball gold medal has become all but impossible for American Dain Blanton.
Massacre Threatens to Derail Congolese Peace Process The bodies of about 160 Congolese Tutsis killed in Burundi during the weekend were buried on Monday, but the impact of the massacre is just...
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon approved tenders to build 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the occupied West Bank, plans that...
Kidnap accused says he worked for US A former American soldier accused of kidnapping and torturing terror suspects in Afghanistan has told a Kabul court that the FBI is withholding hundreds of...
The New Woman in Schrder #39;s Life Gerhard Schrder is no stranger to sharing his life with members of the opposite sex. On Monday, it was revealed that there was a new young lady on the scene: his...
Sri Lankan navy detects Tamil rebels smuggling weapons COLOMBO, Aug. 17 (Xinhua) -- The Sri Lankan navy on Tuesday detected a trawler of the Tamil Tiger rebels suspected of smuggling weapons in seas...
HK government set to petition release of democrat jailed in China HONG KONG : The Hong Kong government is interceding with the mainland authorities for the release of a legislator who was arrested...
Latham urges PM to remove public service gag MARK COLVIN: The Opposition leader, Mark Latham, has challenged the Prime Minister to remove the gag that #39;s prevented senior government advisers,...
TeliaSonera acquires 100 pct of Lithuanian mobile company Omnitel (AFP) AFP - The Swedish-Finnish telecommunications operator TeliaSonera said it had bought the remaining 10 percent stake in...
Matter of Time Before Tibet Lake Bursts -Official (Reuters) Reuters - A Tibetan lake formed by a Himalayan\landslide is steadily rising and will sooner or later burst its\banks and flood a valley in...
Astronomers give Milky Way an age Astronomers have estimated the age of our galaxy at about 13,600 million years old.
Livermore: No need for HP-UX on x86 CHICAGO -- This cannot be an easy time for Ann Livermore. When Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) missed Wall Street's earnings expectations late last week, the blame was...
Greek Athletes Shocked by Accusations  ATHENS, Greece (Reuters) - Greece's top two athletes,  facing a state prosecutor's investigation over missed drug  tests and a motorbike crash, left a hospital...
Fish Knocks Off Ferrero Mardy Fish turns things around for the biggest victory of his career, a 4-6, 7-6 (5), 6-4 comeback against former No. 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero.
Iverson Breaks Thumb Allen Iverson breaks his right thumb but plans to play anyway Tuesday for the U.S. men's basketball team, which is coming off a loss to Puerto Rico.
Britain Charges Suspects in U.S.-Linked Terror Case (Reuters) Reuters - Britain charged eight men on Tuesday\with conspiracy to murder and other terrorism charges, some\relating to plans for U.S....
Bollywood megastar Bachchan meets Pakistani students to boost ties (AFP) AFP - Bollywood mega star Amitabh Bachchan met with a group of Pakistani students as part of a wider initiative to deepen...
Britain Charges Suspects in U.S.-Linked Terror Case  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain charged eight men on Tuesday  with conspiracy to murder and other terrorism charges, some  relating to plans for U.S....
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon approved  tenders to build 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the  occupied West Bank, plans...
Germany Shaken by U.S. Plans to Withdraw Troops  BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany said Tuesday U.S. plans to pull  out 30,000 troops were a sign Europe's divisions had healed,  but communities hit by the...
Home Depot Raises Outlook, Tops Estimates  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HD.N...
Home Depot Writes Big Tickets Shoppers spend more, giving the company yet another quarter of sales growth and even better earnings.
Pay Up for Growth Legg Mason's Mary Chris Gay knows when to pay for growth and when to sell a stock.
Mounties open Nortel's books The Royal Canadian Mounted Police formally launch a criminal investigation into company's accounting practices.
India makes Olympic breakthrough Kashmir veteran Rajyavardhan Rathore wins India's first ever individual silver medal at the Olympic Games.
Israel Ends West Bank Construction Freeze JERUSALEM - The Israeli government issued bids Tuesday for 1,000 new homes in Jewish West Bank settlements, insisting the construction has Washington's tacit...
Iverson Has Broken Thumb, but Will Play ATHENS, Greece - Allen Iverson broke his right thumb but plans to play anyway Tuesday night for the U.S. Olympic basketball team, which is coming off an...
Najaf Fighting Resumes Amid Peace Mission BAGHDAD, Iraq - A pared-down delegation of Iraqis arrived in Najaf by helicopter Tuesday to present radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr with a peace...
Stocks Climb on Drop in Consumer Prices NEW YORK - Stocks rose for a second straight session Tuesday as a drop in consumer prices Tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at...
US consumer prices post first decline in eight months WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- US consumer prices declined marginally in July, posting the first fall since last November, the Labor...
Lojack makes Canada move with Boomerang buy The Westwood company is spending \$48 million to acquire Boomerang Tracking Inc., a Montreal company that operates a stolen car recovery system in Canada.
US July Output Up; Factories Run Faster WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US industrial output advanced in July, as American factories operated at their highest capacity in more than three years, a Federal...
Researchers Find New Species of Bird MANILA, Philippines - Filipino and British wildlife researchers say they #39;ve stumbled upon what appears to be a new species of flightless bird found only on...
AMD ships 90nm chips Sunnyvale-based computer chip maker Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., says it #39;s shipped its first low-power Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processors made with its new 90 nanometer (nm)...
Livermore: No need for HP-UX on x86 CHICAGO -- This cannot be an easy time for Ann Livermore. When Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) missed Wall Street #39;s earnings expectations late last week, the blame...
Astronomers give Milky Way an age A team working with the Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile report that our galaxy is 13,600 million years old, give or take 800 million years.
I #39;m innocent, says Greek Olympic champion Kenteris Olympic champion Kostas Kenteris, who is likely to be expelled from the Olympics for missing a doping test, said Tuesday that he is not a drugs...
Life in Athens: From songs about Dutch swimmers to watching wedgies You #39;ve heard of swimmer #39;s ear, but what about swimmer #39;s wave? It #39;s the odd way in which Olympic swimmers -- and...
Sharon OKs 1,000 new settlement homes JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has approved tenders to build 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the occupied West Bank, plans that had been...
Ex-colleague backs Scrafton on PM #39;s call A FORMER senior Defence Department bureaucrat last night backed her former colleague Michael Scrafton #39;s version of a phone call with John Howard over...
Stocks Up on Earnings, Oil, Economic Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday, getting a  boost from some strong retail earnings, lower oil prices and  two separate economic reports...
IBM expands into Danish IT services market Continuing its assault on the European IT outsourcing market, IBM Corp. has signed agreements to buy two Danish IT services companies and another to provide...
Medical Examiner Finds No Injuries on Thanou-Source  ATHENS (Reuters) - A medical examiner has found that Greek  sprinter Katerina Thanou, who was in hospital with fellow  athlete Costas Kenteris,...
Yukos Can Ship Oil Amid Tax Dispute, Russia Rail Says (Update5) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Russia #39;s state-owned railway, the shipper of a fourth of OAO Yukos Oil Co. #39;s crude oil, said it will...
Construction driving solid product demand SURGING demand in heavy construction should outweigh any downturn in new home building, according to OneSteel and Boral.
Real slashes song prices in online music battle In a move likely to step up the digital music dispute between RealNetworks Inc. and Apple Computer Inc., Real slashed prices at its online music store...
Discovery of Rail points to fragile biodiversity: Birdlife Intl The Calayan Rail, Gallirallus calayaensis, discovered by scientists in the northern tip of Babuyan islands in the Philippines...
Symantec Upgrades Norton Security Products Symantec has unveiled new versions of its Norton security products--beefing up some of the real-time and automated features--and will release them in the...
Pranab Mukherjee congratulates Rathore Union Defence Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday congratulated double trap shooter Major Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore on becoming the first Indian to win a...
Iliadis Takes Greece #39;s Second Gold with Judo Win ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek teenager Ilias Iliadis swept up the Olympic host country #39;s second gold medal on Tuesday, winning the men #39;s judo...
Bell set for Test debut Ian Bell is almost certain to make his England Test debut on Thursday in the final match against West Indies.
Forwards providing platform: Young LOOSEHEAD prop Bill Young believes a change in attitude by the forwards has played a key role in taking the Wallabies to the threshold of winning the Tri-Nations...
Schroeder  quot;adopts Russian girl quot; BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and his wife, Doris, have adopted a 3-year-old Russian girl, German newspapers have reported.
Hurricane Charley Tears Into Outback (Reuters) Reuters - Outback Steakhouse Inc. (OSI.N) on\Tuesday said it lost about 130 operating days and up to  #36;2\million in revenue because it had to close...
Hurricane Charley Tears Into Outback  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Outback Steakhouse Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OSI.N...
Business Objects to bundle IBM tools The analytics and reporting software maker will begin selling IBM's mainframe access software.
N.Y. Atty General Announces Drug-Price Web Site (Reuters) Reuters - New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer on Tuesday said his office has created an interactive\Web site to help New Yorkers...
Swiss slashes first-half net loss but fuel costs hamper turnaround (AFP) AFP - The airline Swiss said it had managed to cut its first-half net loss by about 90 percent but warned that spiralling fuel...
Google IPO Under Threat Due to Shortage of Bids Google has asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to make its registration statement effective at 4 pm Eastern time on Tuesday. If the company...
Halliburton Says Army Can Withold Payments Halliburton Co. on Tuesday blamed politics for a US Army decision to not grant the company more time to resolve a billing dispute in which the Pentagon...
Cantor Fitzgerald spinning off business Manhattan-based financial services firm Cantor Fitzgerald said Tuesday it is spinning off its inter-dealer voice brokerage business and will concentrate on...
Housing starts jump 8.3 percent Washington, DC, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- The US Commerce Department said Tuesday a dip in mortgage rates helped boost home-building activity in July 8.3 percent after falling...
Trial date set for ex-HealthSouth CEO Scrushy BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) -- Fired HealthSouth chief executive Richard Scrushy will go on trial January 5th.
WWiSE group proposes 540 Mbps Wi-Fi A consortium of companies is pushing a new proposal to the IEEE for 802.11n. 135 Mbps in standard mode, 540 Mbps maximum throughput. Fast enough? ...
PalmOne unveils Wi-Fi SD Card It appears the rumours of Palm creating a Wi-Fi card are true, however before you rush to your local electronics store take note that it won #39;t work on any PDA you...
IBM seeks dismissal of SCO claims IBM has filed a 100-page motion with a US district court in an attempt to have some of the claims made against it by The SCO Group dismissed.
The  #39;i #39; in  #39;Internet #39; It #39;s not exactly an earth-shaking development but I expect that Wired News #39; very public announcement that it would no longer capitalize  quot;Internet,...
Medical Examiner Finds No Injuries on Thanou-Source ATHENS (Reuters) - A medical examiner has found that Greek sprinter Katerina Thanou, who was in hospital with fellow athlete Costas Kenteris, had...
Athens ticket sales  #39;improving #39; ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- Olympic organizers announced that more than half of available tickets (3.1 million) to the Games have been sold, almost reaching the...
Greek wins gold in judo Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Ilias Iliadis captured Greece #39;s second gold medal of the 2004 Olympics with a thrilling victory over Roman Gontyuk of the Ukraine in the...
Boston Red Sox Team Report - August 17 (Sports Network) - Pedro Martinez will try to win his fourth consecutive decision, as he takes the hill for the Boston Red Sox in the middle test of a...
Venter back for Boks ABRASIVE Springbok flanker AJ Venter returns to the field on Saturday for South Africa #39;s crunch encounter against Australia, the only change to the team announced by coach...
Stocks Up on Earnings, Data; Oil Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were higher on Tuesday,  boosted by strong earnings from Home Depot Inc. &lt;A...
Briefly: Business Objects to bundle IBM tools roundup Plus: Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat...Sprint to bake in BlackBerry for businesses...Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls...
New Cooperation and New Tensions in Terrorist Hunt The apprehension of Muhammad Naeem Noor Khan was wrapped up with almost no notice, but it would have enormous global repercussions.
Front-Porch Chat: Birth of a Kerry Campaign Tactic John Kerry has held 10 "front porch visit" events  an actual front porch is optional  where perhaps 100 people ask questions in a low-key...
Beach Volleyball: Brazilians Aim for Podium Again  ATHENS (Reuters) - Brazil have had two women's teams on the  beach volleyball podium at the last two Olympics and moved a  step closer to a...
Welsh to ban strippers in limousines (Reuters) Reuters - Strippers and pole dancers should be banned from performing in stretch limousines, according to a\British report.
Google shares could start trading Wednesday MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIF. - Google?s initial public offering could hit the Nasdaq Stock Market as early as Wednesday if US securities regulators let the...
US consumer prices decline unexpectedly in July NEW YORK, August 17 (New Ratings)  The US consumer prices declined for the first time in the past eight months in July this year, driven by the reduced...
US industrial production rebounds in July WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- Output at US factories, mines and utilities rose by 0.4 percent in July, nearly recovering from a 0.5 percent plunge in...
Building permits increase 5.7, reversing June downturn WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Construction of new homes recovered in July, as US homebuilders started homes at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of...
Real to Apple: It #39;s On An old-fashioned price war is gearing up in the digital music download business, with RealNetworks (Quote, Chart) on the offensive. With rival Apple in its crosshairs,...
IBM announces eServer i5 550 The eServer i5 550 comes with a feature called the  quot;Solution Edition, quot; which is apparently available with certain Independent Software Vendors. The eServer i5,...
Molik joins Pratt in last 16 ALICIA Molik joined fellow Australian Nicole Pratt in the last 16 of the Olympic tennis competition overnight with a 7-5 6-4 second round win over Slovenia #39;s Katarina...
Voices: Iranian Judo scandal Iran #39;s Judo champion, a favourite at the Athens Games, has disqualified himself rather than face an Israeli opponent, apparently on the instruction of Iran #39;s...
Fighting Continues In South Ossetia Prague, 17 August 2004 (RFE/RL) -- Fresh fighting and further casualties were reported overnight in Georgia #39;s separatist republic of South Ossetia. The...
Oil Up on Rosy U.S. Economic Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Tuesday on cheery  economic data showing that inflationary pressure was held in  check in July and ahead of weekly inventory...
Illinois Helps Residents Import Drugs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois residents will soon gain  access to lower-cost prescription drugs from Canada, the United  Kingdom and Ireland, sidestepping U.S....
Rebels force Nepal firms to close One of Nepal's top hotels and a number of other companies close for business after threats from Maoist rebels.
U.S. Broadband Growth Slows - Analyst (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. telephone and cable companies\saw the growth of high-speed Internet services slow in the\second quarter to the lowest rate in a year, an...
Real Slashes Online Song Prices (PC World) PC World - Digital music battle continues, as Real undercuts ITunes' prices.
U.S. Broadband Growth Slows - Analyst  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. telephone and cable companies  saw the growth of high-speed Internet services slow in the  second quarter to the lowest rate in a...
Briefly: Majoras steps into FTC chairman role roundup Plus: Business Objects to bundle IBM tools...Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat...Sprint to bake in BlackBerry for businesses.
Illinois Helps Residents Import Drugs (Reuters) Reuters - Illinois residents will soon gain\access to lower-cost prescription drugs from Canada, the United\Kingdom and Ireland, sidestepping U.S....
Court Rejects Yukos' Plea on Tax Bill A Russian court today rejected the beleaguered oil company's appeal to suspend government efforts to collect \$3.4 billion in back taxes.
Army to Withhold Some Payments From Halliburton The U.S. Army plans to withhold payment on 15 percent of future invoices of Halliburton's logistics deal in Iraq due to an ongoing billing dispute.
Chavez lambasts fraud allegations Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez rounds on opponents for alleging fraud in a referendum he seems to have won.
Google #39;s auction wrapping up NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Google #39;s long-awaited kickoff as the largest Internet IPO of all time is likely to take place as early as Wednesday after the controversial...
Russian Arbitration Court Rejects Yukos Plea The giant Russian oil firm Yukos has failed to convince a Moscow arbitration court to suspend the sale by bailiffs of its Siberian subsidiary to satisfy a...
US consumer prices dip 0.1 in July; industrial output and home starts rise WASHINGTON (AP) - US consumer prices eased down by 0.1 per cent in July as gasoline prices dropped, while factory output...
JC Penney Posts Operating Profit NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator JC Penney Co. Inc. (JCP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a quarterly operating profit, reversing a...
Nortel shares down following news of RCMP probe TORONTO - Shares of Nortel Networks dipped on the TSX in the wake of news the RCMP has launched an investigation into accounting practices at the...
Mills buys stakes in 9 GM-owned malls Virginia-based REIT will pay \$1B, before transaction costs, for a 50 stake in the properties. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Real estate investment trust Mills Corp. said...
Stocks in Motion: Motorola Shares of Motorola (MOT:NYSE - news - research) rose Tuesday after Geoffrey Frost, senior vice president of Motorola #39;s mobile phone division, told Reuters that the...
Update 1: Swiss Air Lines Posts 1st Quarterly Profit Switzerland #39;s struggling national airline reported a second-quarter profit of 45 million Swiss francs (\$35.6 million) Tuesday, although its...
IMF says Czech economic outlook  #39;favorable #39; WASHINGTON, Aug 17 (Reuters) - The International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday the near-term economic outlook for the Czech Republic, a European...
Newest discoveries puts known number of satellites at 33 A camera aboard the Cassini spacecraft flying in orbit around Saturn has discovered two of the tiniest moons in the solar system -- one barely...
IBM adds midrange server to eServer lineup AUGUST 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM today launched a new one-to-four-way midrange Power5 server that features higher performance and several...
Q amp;A: HP #39;s Livermore sees no need for HP-UX on x86 AUGUST 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - This can #39;t be an easy time for Ann Livermore. When Hewlett-Packard Co. missed Wall Street #39;s...
Indian researcher designs revolutionary low cost PC for the poor Aug 17 - Professor Raj Reddy, an Indian researcher in artificial intelligence and a professor at Carnegie Mellon University. Has...
That Special Underwater Glow any coral colonies have a nice healthy glow about them, courtesy of fluorescent proteins produced by the coral animals themselves.
Al-Maktoum wins men #39;s double trap shooting gold ATHENS : Sheikh Ahmed Al-Maktoum #39;s six-year quest for Olympic glory ended with a historic first ever gold for the United Arab Emirates on...
E-mail from Athens ATHENS, Greece  For people willing to devote an unfathomable \$1.5 billion to  quot;security quot; for the Olympic Games, the Greeks sure are careless. As in, they couldn #39;t...
US takes early lead over Australia THESSALONIKI, Greece - With Abby Wambach out with a suspension after receiving two yellow cards Sunday against Brazil, the US soccer team came together and grabbed...
Oil Up on Rosy U.S. Economic Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose close to a record high  on Tuesday on U.S. economic data showing that inflationary  pressure was held in check in July and ahead...
Ford Sued in Defective Door Latch Claim  DETROIT (Reuters) - A Canadian law firm on Tuesday said it  had filed a lawsuit against Ford Motor Co. &lt;A...
Mittal steel firm in Bosnia deal LNM Group, the steel giant headed by Indian tycoon Lakshmi Mittal, snaps up a Bosnian steelmaker in a \$280m deal.
Google IPO Imminent The company asks federal regulators to approve the paperwork required for its stock sale. Also: Yahoo starts selling domain names   hellip;. Canadian officials investigate Nortel...
PluggedIn: Multifunction Devices Draw Back-To-School Crowd (Reuters) Reuters - The consumer electronics gizmo\that offers many functions in a small package is what's\compelling back-to-school...
PluggedIn: Multifunction Devices Draw Back-To-School Crowd  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The consumer electronics gizmo  that offers many functions in a small package is what's  compelling...
Briefly: Kinko's debuts Web-based print options roundup Plus: Majoras takes charge of FTC...Business Objects to bundle IBM tools...Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat.
Wireless vendors pledge hurricane relief Cingular and Nextel step in to aid those recovering from Hurricane Charley in Florida.
Microsoft readies Host Integration Server 2004 In a continued effort to compete with IBM Corp. and its WebSphere offerings, Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday announced imminent availability of Host...
WR Berkley Sees Hurricane Losses Insurance holding company WR Berkley Corp. said Tuesday that it does not expect its losses from damage caused by Hurricane Charley last week to exceed \$5 million.
RealNetwork #39;s 49 cent downloads rile Apple Seattle, WA, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- RealNetworks Inc., is taking on Apple Computer #39;s wildly successful iTunes Music Store with a half-price sale offering...
Microsoft Delays Windows XP SP2 for Home Users Microsoft has delayed the rollout of XP Service Pack Two (SP2) for home users, and some customers will not be able to download it until the end of the...
Olympics-Shooting-loving Rathore promotes Olympic sports ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore loves cricket as much as any Indian, even if the national obsession with ball and bat...
Phelps Wins Second Gold Medal, in 200 Fly (AP) AP - American Michael Phelps won the gold medal Tuesday in the 200-meter butterfly with an Olympic-record time of 1:54.04.
Redskins Cut Strong Safety Ohalete (AP) AP - Strong safety Ifeanyi Ohalete was cut by the Washington Redskins on Tuesday after starting 15 games for the team last season.
Wood's Suspension Upheld (Reuters) Reuters - Major League Baseball\Monday announced a decision on the appeal filed by Chicago Cubs\pitcher Kerry Wood regarding a suspension stemming from an\incident...
Parry wins butterfly bronze Stephen Parry comes a brilliant third behind Michael Phelps in the men's 200m butterfly.
Google IPO Imminent In a sign that Google #39;s initial public offering is imminent, the company has asked federal regulators to give final approval to the paperwork required for its stock sale.
Banks want BJ #39;s to pay for credit card fraud CHICAGO, Aug 17 (Reuters) - BJ #39;s Wholesale Club Inc. (BJ.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said credit card issuers want the retailer to...
Negative sentiment towards US stock market rises NEW YORK, August 17 (New Ratings)  Analysts at Merrill Lynch say that a recent survey of global fund managers demonstrates continuously increasing...
IBM Seeks Another SCO Dismissal The current motion is in addition to the request for a summary judgment IBM has been seeking since early July. If the initial request is granted, it could bring the...
Microsoft readies Host Integration Server 2004 In a continued effort to compete with IBM Corp. and its WebSphere offerings, Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday announced imminent availability of Host...
VARs, Vendors Seize Patch Management Opportunity The delayed arrival of Windows Update Services is giving VARs and patch management vendors a chance to cash in.
Iraq peace mission arrives in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - An Iraqi peace delegation has urged a radical Shi #39;ite cleric to call off his uprising in the city of Najaf, where US troops have been...
Downer to begin nuclear talks FOREIGN Minister Alexander Downer will today begin talks with North Korean officials to try to convince the communist state to drop its nuclear weapons program.
Southern Africa countries pledge enhanced trade ties with China, India  PORT LOUIS, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- Southern African countries Tuesday pledged better trade and investment relations with China...
Chiron Wins Bird Flu Vaccine Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Chiron Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CHIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CHIR.O&lt;/A&gt;...
RealNetworks Halves Music Prices, Sees Wider Loss (Reuters) Reuters - RealNetworks Inc. on Tuesday halved\prices for songs downloaded from its online music store to win\customers for new technology...
Benefits Seen in Earth Observation Data (AP) AP - Better weather forecasts to prepare for storms and planning for energy needs months in advance are among the benefits expected from a planned Earth...
Michael Phelps Wins Second Gold Medal (AP) AP - Michael Phelps, denied in his bid to win seven gold medals, picked up his second victory of the Athens Games by winning the 200-meter butterfly Tuesday...
Aussies Battle Americans to 1-1 Tie (AP) AP - After 17 years, the Matildas finally caught up to the U.S. women's soccer team. Joanne Peters' 12-yard header in the 82nd minute gave Australia a 1-1 tie...
Australia Ties U.S. Joanne Peters' 12-yard header in the 82nd minute gives Australia a 1-1 tie with the United States, while the Americans already clinched a spot in the quarterfinals.
India boosted as Rathore grabs historic silver (Reuters) Reuters - India erupted with joy as shooter Rajyavardhan Rathore clinched their first medal at the Athens Olympics on Tuesday and their first...
Ill. Congressman's Son to Be on Ballot (AP) AP - Democratic Party officials picked U.S. Rep. William Lipinski's son Tuesday to replace his father on the November ballot, a decision engineered by...
Najaf Fighting Intensifies Amid Peace Push BAGHDAD, Iraq - A U.S. warplane bombed near Najaf's vast cemetery as fighting with Shiite militants intensified Tuesday...
Michael Phelps Wins Second Gold Medal ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps, denied in his bid to win seven gold medals, picked up his second victory of the Athens Games by winning the 200-meter butterfly...
Top-Seeded Federer Upset in Second Round ATHENS, Greece - Top-seeded Roger Federer crashed out in the second round of the Olympic tournament Tuesday night, losing 4-6, 7-5, 7-5 to Tomas Berdych of...
TJX Cos. Earnings Fall 4 Percent TJX Cos. Inc. #39;s second-quarter earnings fell 4 percent, reflecting higher markdowns on merchandise due to softer sales trends.
US Airways seeks to delay pension payments Dulles, VA, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- US Airways is seeking permission to delay pension contributions of \$67.5 million, so it can keep operating.
Cantor Fitzgerald to Split Off Voice-Broking Unit (Update5) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Cantor Fitzgerald LP, one of the two largest Treasury bond brokers, will split off its original business of...
Cassini Spacecraft Discovers 2 New Moons Around Saturn The US Space Agency #39;s Cassini spacecraft has discovered two new moons around Saturn - bringing the planet #39;s count to 33. NASA said...
Intellisync in Danger Intellisync #39;s synchronization software will soon be available on Danger Hiptop devices, through select carriers, allowing wireless synchronization to Outlook on the desktop.
Eriksson aims to stick by core of Euro 2004 side SLALEY, England, Aug 17 (Reuters) - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says he is prepared to put his faith in the nucleus of the squad that flopped at...
Court Throws Out Challenge to Blimp  The United States is on the verge of winning its first fencing medal in twenty years.  Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are out of the hospital...
History beckons for England It used only to be Australians who suffered from dead-rubber syndrome  that most infuriating of conditions whereby a dominant side could write off a failure to complete a...
Redskins cut former starter Ohalete ASHBURN, Va. (AP) -- He was demoted to third string a couple weeks ago, didn #39;t do exactly what the coaches wanted and was coming off a bad game. Ifeanyi...
Pittsburgh vs. Arizona PHOENIX (Ticker) -- Jack Wilson lofted a sacrifice fly in the top of the 10th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a wild 8-7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks. In the...
Bounty-hunter plays to gallery in Kabul KABUL - A bounty hunter accused of running a private torture chamber has gone on trial in Kabul claiming he could not get a fair hearing because the FBI had...
Demonstrators protest benefit cuts in Berlin Thousands of demonstrators brought protests against benefit cuts to the German capital yesterday, but the Government insisted it would make no further...
Deere Earnings Up, Raises 2004 Forecast  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Deere   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DE.N&lt;/A&gt;,...
Analysts fear longer than expected G5 delays (MacCentral) MacCentral - Analysts from Prudential Equity Group and UBS have warned over the past two days that longer than expected G5 delays from IBM...
Federer's Games Dream Shattered  ATHENS (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer was bundled out  of the Olympic tennis tournament on Tuesday by unheralded Czech  Tomas Berdych.
Edwards Out of Games U.S. sprinter Torri Edwards is knocked out of the Olympics for good Tuesday when an arbitration panel upholds her two-year drug suspension.
Son Running for Ill. Rep.'s House Seat (AP) AP - Democratic Party officials picked U.S. Rep. William Lipinski's son Tuesday to replace his father on the November ballot, a decision engineered by...
Interactive Web Sites Provide New Approach to Election Coverage (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK While most newspapers are utilizing their Web sites to supplement coverage of...
Google set to start trading SAN FRANCISCO - Google looks set to start trading on the Nasdaq today after the web #39;s No 1 search engine asked regulators for final approval to price its closely...
Florida #39;s fiscal shape helps cushion Charley #39;s hit WASHINGTON, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Hurricane Charley may have caused up to \$15 billion in damage in Florida, but that is not seen immediately...
Oil Prices Rebound Towards Record Highs Oil prices moved back towards record highs tonight amid continued concerns over soaring demand and tight supplies.
Army Withholding Halliburton Payments Halliburton (HAL:NYSE - news - research) sank Tuesday after the Army chose not to extend a deadline for the company to explain its billing in Iraq.
Air Canada gets green light from creditors After more than 16 months of restructuring, Air Canada #39;s creditors overwhelming endorsed the airline #39;s new business plan during a meeting at a...
RealNetworks launches music-download price war Seattle online media company RealNetworks Inc. on Tuesday said a new campaign to attract subscribers to its music download service will add about a...
Second Wi-Fi standards group steps forward A new battle of technologies may be in the offing in the 802.11n arena as 12 key companies have developed a key proposal to counter another one announced...
DOD labs get Linux clusters Linux Networx Inc. delivered two more systems to the Defense Department as part of the military #39;s Technology Insertion 2004 initiative to improve defense laboratories...
Livni: Settlement blocs will be strengthened The Housing and Construction Ministry on Tuesday published tenders for about 1,001 new housing units in West Bank settlements.
Israeli soldiers kill boy in Nablus A 10-year-old Palestinian boy has been shot dead by Israeli occupation soldiers during an incursion into the centre of the West Bank city of Nablus, according to...
Don't Marry Until March Plan a big, fat cheap wedding, and start your coupling with extra cash, not debt.
Klochkova Wins 200 IM, Beard Takes Silver (AP) AP - Yana Klochkova of Ukraine completed an Olympic sweep of the individual medleys, winning gold in the 200-meter IM Tuesday night. Amanda Beard of...
Rumsfeld Warns Against Fixing Intelligence in 'Single Stroke' The secretary of defense signaled he favors a slower, more cautious approach to revamping U.S. intelligence than the Sept. 11 commission...
Hurricane Charley hits Outback NEW YORK (Reuters) - Outback Steakhouse Inc. said Tuesday it lost about 130 operating days and up to \$2 million in revenue because it had to close some restaurants in...
Intel TV Chip Is Delayed Intel said it will delay its highly anticipated television chips, based on Liquid Crystal on Silicon, or LCOS, technology, which promises to deliver large screen TVs at a...
Federer #39;s Games Dream Shattered ATHENS (Reuters) - Roger Federer was bundled out of the Olympic tennis tournament Tuesday by unheralded Czech Tomas Berdych.
Ruling bars Edwards from Athens competition ATHENS, Greece -- US sprinter Torri Edwards #39; suspension was upheld by a panel of three international arbitrators Tuesday, leaving the reigning...
US soldier killed in eastern Baghdad-military BAGHDAD, Iraq  One US soldier was killed and several others were wounded in clashes with Iraqi Shi #39;ite militiamen in a Baghdad suburb Monday, the US...
Army Won't Pay 15 Pct of Halliburton Bill  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army will withhold payment  on 15 percent of future invoices of Halliburton Co.'s &lt;A...
Phelps, U.S. Win Men's 4x200 Freestyle Relay  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps led the United States to  a narrow victory in the men's 4x200 meters freestyle relay at  the Athens Olympics Tuesday to...
World 100m Champion Torri Edwards Banned from Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - World 100 meters champion Torri Edwards  will miss the Athens Olympics after her appeal against a  two-year drugs ban was...
US-led coalition denies airstrikes in western Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - The US military denied reports that the coalition in Afghanistan had launched air strikes to quell fighting in the west of the...
Wal-Mart's Taxing Comps Wal-Mart sees August same-store revenues up 2 to 4. How should investors view this statistical range?
Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google (Reuters) Reuters - Time is running out for prospective\investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc.\(GOOG.O), the Web's No. 1 search company.
GameStop Earnings Up on Software Sales (AP) AP - Video-game chain GameStop Corp.'s second-quarter earnings rose on strong sales.
IBM adds four-way 550 server to new i5 product line IBM Corp. bolstered the new eServer i5 server lineup with the i5 550, a new system based on the Power 5 chip that can run multiple operating...
Papua New Guinea, the world's next AIDS frontier (AFP) AFP - The old man lay unattended in the shack which served as a morgue for the General Hospital in Mount Hagen, a busy town in the restive...
Kerry admits to soft spot for Oscar winner Theron (AFP) AFP - Democratic presidential contender John Kerry has a soft spot for South African actress Charlize Theron but is adamant that second wife...
Phelps Wins Second Gold Medal ATHENS, Greece - His quest to surpass Mark Spitz out of the way, Michael Phelps got back to winning gold. The 19-year-old from Baltimore claimed his second gold medal of...
US Army to withhold portion of Halliburton payments The billing dispute between the US Army and Houston-based Halliburton Co. continues as the Army on Tuesday said it would withhold paying 15 percent...
Microsoft Delays SP2 Auto Update For Enterprises Although Monday was to be the day when Microsoft began pushing Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) to enterprises, it changed its mind at the last minute...
IBM adds four-way 550 server to new i5 product line IBM Corp. bolstered the new eServer i5 server lineup with the i5 550, a new system based on the Power 5 chip that can run multiple operating...
#39;One in 12 Emails Infected with Virus #39; The number of attempted attacks by computer viruses rocketed in the first half of the year, according to a report published today.
Detective Caught in Internet Sting Over Child Sex HITE PLAINS, Aug. 16 - A 16-year veteran of the New York Police Department, who supposedly called himself a  quot;boy hunter #39; #39; in an online...
For Wednesday AMs AP Olympic Digest for Wednesday AMs. The supervisor is Aaron Watson. The phone number for the New York sports desk is (212) 621-1630. Reruns of stories and agate available from...
Redskins release Ohalete Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - The Washington Redskins have released safety Ifeanyi Ohalete, a starter for 15 games last season.
Eight to Face Court on Terror Murder Plot Charges Eight men will appear in court tomorrow accused of plotting terrorist outrages in Britain and the United States.
Microsoft Delays SP2 Auto Update For Enterprises Although Monday was supposed to be the day when Microsoft began pushing Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) to enterprises, it changed its mind at the...
Aftershock: Brown rips team #39;s lack of effort ATHENS, Greece -- Larry Brown was despondent, the head of the US selection committee was defensive and an irritated Allen Iverson was hanging up on...
Greece grabs first gold HOST nation Greece grabbed its first gold medal of the Athens Olympics this morning when Nikolaos Siranidis and Thomas Bimis won the men #39;s three-metre synchronised diving...
Were the judges by any chance French? Kosuke Kitajima #39;s technique may get a sharper eye from officials today in the 200-meter breaststroke race.
Iran #39;s Olympic snub Iran #39;s transparent decision to boycott head-to-head competitions against Israeli athletes is an assault on the Olympic ideal. It needs to be dealt with swiftly and...
They built it, but no one comes  quot;It #39;s sad, quot; the British visitor to Athens said, shaking her head.  quot;It #39;s sad that nobody is here, buying tickets to the Olympics. People should...
I #39;ll be No.1 - Owen Michael Owen is confident that he will be a success at Real Madrid following his 8m move from Liverpool.
Owen gives Sven backing Michael Owen today insisted that Sven-Goran Eriksson has the full backing of the England squad and warned that the coach should not be underestimated.
Hewitt in sharp form in Washington WASHINGTON -- Lleyton Hewitt launched his ATP Washington Classic campaign with a 6-1 6-2 first round win over Kenneth Carlsen of Denmark.
Kobe win on sex life of accuser Prosecutors in the Kobe Bryant case suffered yet another setback yesterday when a court shot down their last-ditch attempt to keep the accuser #39;s sex life out of...
Los Angeles loves Lo Duca LOS ANGELES -- Everywhere you looked before Monday night #39;s game at Dodger Stadium, there he was. Paul Lo Duca, the thirtysomething mother of two. Paul Lo Duca, the dude...
Packers-Seahawks scoring summary FIRST QUARTER: K Ryan Longwell 47-yard field goal at 9:03. Key plays: QB Brett Favre opened the drive with a 7-yard pass to WR Donald Driver to GB 39. RB Ahman Green...
Halliburton Now Says It Will Not Get Extension From Army The company said today that the United States Army had decided not to grant it additional time to substantiate its costs in Iraq and Kuwait.
Google prepares to wrap up share auction (AFP) AFP - Google Inc prepared to wrap up an extraordinary share auction, meaning a final price in the multi-billion-dollar listing will be announced within...
Gateway: hang onto your hard drive New service plan lets customers keep old drives after replacement to protect data.
RealNetworks Goes After iPod With Price War RealNetworks Goes After iPod With Price War\\RealNetworks on Tuesday halved the prices for downloaded songs to \$0.49  to win customers away from Apple...
Netscape Browser 7.2 Released by AOL Netscape Browser 7.2 Released by AOL\\America Online has just released Netscape 7.2. Based on Mozilla 1.7, this latest version features better popup blocking,...
Jury Rejects Thomas Family's GM Claims (AP) AP - The family of former Kansas City Chiefs star Derrick Thomas is not entitled to any money from General Motors Corp. for the Jan. 2000 crash that killed...
Last Call for Investors to Bid on Google NEW YORK (Reuters) - Time is running out for prospective investors to submit their offers to buy shares of Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) ,...
Oil prices climb again tonight Oil prices moved back towards record highs tonight amid continued concerns over soaring demand and tight supplies.
Toyota is outbid for land But state says developer won #39;t necessarily get site Toyota has been outbid by a land developer for state-owned property in York Township, but officials say this is one...
Edwards banned from Games ATHENS (Reuters) - World 100 metres champion Torri Edwards will miss the Athens Olympics after her appeal against a two-year drugs ban was dismissed.
Major Rathore is a perfectionist to the core A man of words, commitment and warmth. Rajyvardhan Singh Rathore combines all these qualities. And he, of course, is one of the most talented shooters of...
Burundi authorizes UN camp for Congolese refugees GENEVA, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- The government of Burundi has authorized the United Nations to set up a camp for newly-arrived Congolese refugees...
Germany #39;s Schroeder adopts three-year-old Russian girl BERLIN: German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and his wife have adopted a daughter, an official with Schroeder #39;s party said Tuesday....
Sudan: Foreign Troops Run Gauntlet of Government Displeasure Television footage aired over the weekend showed a group of Rwandan soldiers dancing and clapping their hands. With AK-47 assault rifles...
Cardinal hears farewell in John Paul #39;s remarks BRUSSELS One of 15 cardinals with Pope John Paul II during a weekend visit to a French shrine was quoted in Belgian news media on Monday as saying...
Can GameStop Be Stopped? GameStop's lack of a competitive advantage leaves investors with many questions.
Advertisers Go Digital to Track Ads  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top marketers are going digital to  track the delivery of commercials into U.S. homes with a system  some advocates say will revolutionize...
U.S. Advertisers Go Digital to Track Ads  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top marketers are going digital to  track the delivery of commercials into U.S. homes with a system  some advocates say will...
Briefly: Gateway says, hold on to your hard drive roundup Plus: Kinko's debuts Web-based print options...Majoras takes charge of FTC...Business Objects to bundle IBM tools.
Coyotes Re-Sign Right Wing Mike Johnson (AP) AP - The Phoenix Coyotes re-signed right wing Mike Johnson on Tuesday to a three-year contract.
Holiday Pals Berlusconi, Blair Cement Ties (AP) AP - With a bandanna on his head and a grin on his cheeks, Italy's flamboyant Premier Silvio Berlusconi has been playing vacation host to Britain's...
Mobile Boohoo for Sohu Chinese net stock Sohu.com (Nasdaq: SOHU) dropped by 10 on Friday after the company announced that its multimedia messaging services with China Mobile Communication had been...
AOL releases Netscape update Netscape Communications upgraded its namesake browser on Tuesday to version 7.2, a rare sign of life at America Online #39;s moribund browser division.
Many similarities, differences between #39;04 US basketball and #39;80 Soviet hockey teams This was no miracle, but you could not tell by the amount of elation surrounding the Dream Team #39;s trip...
Top-seeded Federer upset in second round ATHENS, Greece (AP)  Top-seeded Roger Federer was eliminated in the second round of the Olympics Tuesday night, losing 4-6, 7-5, 7-5 to Tomas Berdych of the...
UN rights chief deeply concerned about refugee camp massacre in Burundi GENEVA, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- The United Nations human rights chief expressed her deep concern over the massacre in the...
Public servant backs Scrafton PRIME Minister John Howard said he would not be swayed by more public servants coming forward in relation to the children overboard scandal.
US troops move gets muted response BERLIN, Germany (AP) -- Germany #39;s defense minister expressed regret Tuesday about US plans to restructure its forces abroad -- changes expected to hit Germany...
Stocks Higher on Economic Data, Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks traded higher on Tuesday,  despite oil prices hitting a new high before falling back, as  U.S. economic reports showed an...
U.S. Public Now Evenly Split on Iraq War (AP) AP - Nine months of chaos and casualties in Iraq since Saddam Hussein's capture have taken a heavy toll on American opinion of President Bush's decision...
Rumsfeld warns on spy shake-up US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld urges caution on US intelligence reform, saying it could create new barriers.
Stocks up on positive consumer price report NEW YORK (AP) - A drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures Tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for...
RealNetworks Slashes Music-Downloading Prices With competition heating up in the online music business, RealNetworks Inc. slashed prices Tuesday for downloading music.
New bird species discovered LONDON - A new species of flightless bird has been discovered on a remote island in the northern Philippines, Filipino and British researchers announced Tuesday.
Symantec Updates SOHO Gear To Battle Against Worms, Phishing Symantec on Tuesday introduced versions of its consumer and small business security software with updates that protect against...
Packers #39; rookie punter struggling GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP) -- Tim Couch #39;s troubles grasping the West Coast offense gave rookie punter BJ Sander plenty of opportunities to make a good first...
Holiday Pals Berlusconi, Blair Cement Ties With a bandanna on his head and a grin on his cheeks, Italy #39;s flamboyant Premier Silvio Berlusconi has been playing vacation host to Britain #39;s Tony...
Illinois Helps Residents Import Prescription Drugs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Illinois residents will soon be able to  buy lower-cost prescription drugs from Canada, the United  Kingdom and Ireland,...
Giants to Start Manning Against Carolina (AP) AP - Eli Manning is going to get a chance to open the season as the New York Giants' starting quarterback.
World 100m Champion Edwards Banned  ATHENS (Reuters) - World 100 meters champion Torri Edwards  will miss the Athens Olympics after her appeal against a  two-year drugs ban was dismissed on Tuesday.
India to surpass China as world's most populous country in 2050: study (AFP) AFP - India is projected to outpace China and become the world's most populous country by 2050, growing by 50 percent in...
Odumbe handed five-year ban Former Kenya captain Maurice Odumbe receives a five-year ban for receiving money to fix a match.
Consumer Prices Decline, Housing Rebounds WASHINGTON - Consumer prices fell by 0.1 percent in July as gasoline prices dropped while output at factories and housing construction posted healthy...
Stocks Climb on Drop in Consumer Prices NEW YORK - Another jump in oil prices pre-empted a rally on Wall Street Tuesday, though stocks managed to post modest gains on the strength of the latest...
Treasuries Gain After Tame Inflation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices rose on Tuesday  after July inflation figures proved subdued and soaring oil  prices pointed to slower U.S. consumer...
New PC Is Created Just for Teenagers (AP) AP - This isn't your typical, humdrum, slate-colored computer. Not only is the PC known as the hip-e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed...
Home Depot raises view as profit tops estimates ATLANTA, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. (HD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday reported a 19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, handily...
Applied Materials Takes on Metron Applied Materials (Quote, Chart) said it filled a major gap in its services portfolio with its acquisition of Metron Technology (Quote, Chart).
Two new, tiny moons found around Saturn Paris, France, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- The Cassini-Huygens spacecraft has detected two tiny, previously-unknown moons orbiting Saturn between Mimas and Enceladus,...
PalmOne Announces SD WiFi Card palmOne today announces that it is to provide a second level of wireless connectivity for Tungsten T3 and Zire 72 handheld users with the introduction of its first...
Cell phone carriers to get Linux option CHICAGO - Motorola Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Co. on Monday said they agreed to an expanded deal to help mobile telephone service providers use Linux-based...
Coyotes re-sign RW Johnson to three-year deal ----------------------------------------------- GLENDALE, Arizona (Ticker) - Mike Johnson missed most of last season after undergoing shoulder surgery,...
Roddick escapes, Federer doesn #39;t at Olympics Andy Roddick and Roger Federer both found themselves mired in three-set struggles Tuesday night at the Olympics.
Giants will give Eli first start Thursday No. 1 draft pick Eli Manning will make his first start at quarterback for the New York Giants in their exhibition game Thursday against the Carolina...
Eight terror suspects charged in Britain  LONDON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- British police on Tuesday charged eight terrorism suspects with conspiracy to murder.
Consumer Prices Drop, Industry Output Up  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices dropped in July  for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in  gasoline costs reversed, the government...
Women Employees Sue Costco Women employees of Costco Wholesale Corp. filed a sex discrimination class action suit today, alleging that the giant retailer imposes a glass ceiling that prevents women...
Advertisers Go Digital to Track Ads (Reuters) Reuters - Top marketers are going digital to\track the delivery of commercials into U.S. homes with a system\some advocates say will revolutionize...
Study: Unpatched PCs compromised in 20 minutes The average "survival time" is not even long enough to download patches that would protect a computer from Net threats.
Olympics-Fencing-U.S. and Swiss End Gold Drought  ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing  gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan  of China 15-9 in the...
Slaves' descendants should get tax exemption: US Senate hopeful (AFP) AFP - American descendants of African slaves should be exempted from US federal taxes for a generation or two to compensate them...
Britain Charges 8 in Terror Plot Tied to U.S. Alert  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain charged eight terrorism suspects  Tuesday and said one had plans which could be used in terror  attacks on U.S....
Apple #39;s Real Rivalry If you go by the headlines alone, it sounds like RealNetworks (Nasdaq: RNWK) is about to embark on a heady money-losing venture as it halves prices for its music download...
Olympics: Federer crashes but Roddick survives Olympic scare ATHENS : World No 1 Roger Federer of Switzerland crashed out of the Olympic tennis tournament when he lost to unseeded Tomas Berdych of...
CU #39;s Bloom Denied Request University of Colorado wide receiver Jeremy Bloom has lost his bid to continue playing college football while accepting endorsements to support his professional skiing...
Men #39;s Singles : Interview with JUAN CARLOS FERRERO (ESP) Q. It #39;s a slow road back, isn #39;t it? You #39;ve had the illness and injury problems earlier in this year. Did you lose confidence...
Australia envoy in N Korea talks Australia #39;s foreign minister is in North Korea, urging the Stalinist state to renounce nuclear weapons.
IBM Takes New Tack in SCO Legal Battle (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - In its ongoing war with SCO over Linux and Unix IP, IBM is trying a new tactic: declaring that SCO has no rights over its "homegrown"...
Today Inca Trail, Tomorrow Inca Road A consortium of nonprofits aim to restore sections of the Inca Road, the 500-year-old route that linked the Inca Empire from present-day Colombia to central Chile.
Birding Column: Moments of Photographic Rapture Birdman of Belair Mathew Tekulsky waxes on the serendipitous moments when birds and timing alight together for memorable photographs.
Could Australia's Deadly Snakes Put Bite on Cancer? Eighty percent of Australia's snake species are venomous, making the continent a paradise for researchers seeking the next generation of miracle...
Africa's Penguins Still Reeling From "Guano Craze" Faced with the lingering effects of a 19th-century trade in seabird excrement and more modern pressures, jackass penguins are struggling to recover,...
Spider-Venom Profits to Be Funneled Into Conservation Pharmaceutical companies have profited from medicines derived from spiders. Now a group called Venom Venture is making sure some of that money...
Paradoxically, African Railroad Keeps Habitat Intact Normally, transportation routes through wilderness are frowned on by conservationists. But a newly restored railroad in Madagascar is persuading...
Insect Vibrations Tell of Good Times and Bad Thornbugs communicate by vibrating the branches they live on. Now scientists are discovering just what the bugs are "saying."
Friday the 13th Phobia Rooted in Ancient History Fear of Friday the 13th has roots in a Viking myth, ancient Rome, and even the Last Supper.
U.S. Studying Israeli West Bank Home Plan (AP) AP - The United States withheld judgment Tuesday on whether Israel's plans to build 1,000 new homes in Jewish settlements in the West Bank violate the...
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a  party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved  1,000 more Israeli...
Iraq's Sadr Snubs Peace Delegation in Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's radical cleric Moqtada  al-Sadr refused on Tuesday to meet a delegation of Iraqi  political and religious leaders seeking...
Costco Target of Sex Bias Lawsuit (Reuters) Reuters - Lawyers leading a record-setting\sex discrimination case against Wal-Mart Stores said on Tuesday\they filed a lawsuit against Costco Wholesale...
Stocks End Higher, Lifted by Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Tuesday,  even as oil prices hit another record, as investors  were  encouraged by data showing an easing of...
Oil Up on Rosy U.S. Economic Data  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose to another record high  on Tuesday on U.S. economic data showing inflationary pressure  was held in check in July and ahead of...
HP's order system chaos to continue throughout August &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; SAP hell lingers
Feature: A New IDEA in Air Quality Monitoring Combining the assets of NASA and the EPA with NOAA's weather information is at the heart of a new NASA project called IDEA:\ Infusing Satellite Data into...
Soldering Surprise on the Space Station There's nothing routine about working in space, as astronaut Mike Fincke found out recently when he did some soldering onboard the International Space Station....
Taking the Pulse of Planet Earth Scientists are planning to take the pulse of the planet -- and more -- in an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months in advance, anticipate...
AMD Ships New Mobile Athlon 64, 90-nm Processors Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday said it has begun shipping a 3700 mobile Athlon 64 processor. The chip maker also confirmed it has started shipping...
Symantec Updates Home And Small-Office Security Products The updates are designed to protect against network-scanning worms and keep phishing attacks at bay.
Kinko #39;s Software Connects Windows Apps to Print Centers Fedex Kinko #39;s Tuesday rolled out free software that connects Windows users to the firm #39;s print centers for ordering printing,...
Olympics-Fencing-US and Swiss End Gold Drought ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan of China 15-9 in the inaugural...
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved 1,000 more Israeli...
Applied Materials Returns to Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Applied Materials Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMAT.O...
AMD enters the 90-nanometer zone Chipmaker becomes the last of several well-known chip companies to begin making 90-nanometer processors.
Cops Test Handheld Fingerprint Readers EAGAN, Minn. (AP) -- Several Minnesota police departments are field testing a handheld device that scans a suspect's fingerprint and digitally checks it against...
wheat (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Field trials of genetically modified wheat are still being conducted in Canada by multinational biotech giant Monsanto despite a pledge earlier...
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, facing a  party mutiny over his plan to quit the Gaza Strip, has approved  1,000 more Israeli...
Americans Settle for 1-1 Tie With Aussies THESSALONIKI, Greece - The U.S. women's soccer team needed only a tie Tuesday and that's all it got - settling for a draw against a team it had always...
Ill. Plans Online Network to Import Drugs CHICAGO - Ignoring a federal ban on prescription drug imports, Illinois' governor announced Tuesday that the state would have an online clearinghouse running...
Britain Charges 8 Terrorist Suspects LONDON - British police charged eight terrorist suspects Tuesday of conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or...
Mobile Boohoo for Sohu (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Chinese net stock Sohu.com (Nasdaq: SOHU - News) dropped by 10 on Friday after the company announced that its multimedia messaging services...
McAfee Finds Security in Foundstone (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Shortly after we came back from our big vacation overseas in May, my Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL - News) PowerBook was hit with a...
Fencing: U.S. and Swiss End Gold Drought  ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing  gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan  of China 15-9 in the inaugural...
Iraq's Sadr Declines to Meet Najaf Peace Delegation  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's radical cleric Moqtada  al-Sadr refused on Tuesday to meet a delegation of Iraqi  political and religious leaders...
Court Rejects Yukos #39; Appeals About Tax Claim Yukos suffered a double blow Tuesday when the Moscow Arbitration Court rejected attempts by the oil major to cover part of a \$3.4 billion bill in...
Costco Target of Sex Bias Lawsuit SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Lawyers leading a record-setting sex discrimination case against Wal-Mart Stores said on Tuesday they filed a lawsuit against Costco...
Investors: Nortel may axe 5,000 jobs OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. investors predicted Tuesday the telecom equipment giant will again slash jobs when it reports long-overdue results this...
Stocks End Higher, Lifted by Data NEW YORK (Reuters) - US stocks ended higher on Tuesday, even as oil prices hit another record, as investors were encouraged by data showing an easing of inflationary...
Air Canada Creditors Clear Carrier #39;s Bankruptcy Plan (Update2) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Air Canada creditors including a General Electric Co. unit and Deutsche Bank AG cleared a plan that gives...
AMD enters the 90-nanometer zone Advanced Micro Devices says it has reached a chip manufacturing milestone that will lead to improvements across its range of processor offerings for PCs and servers.
Flash Video Takes a Front Seat Macromedia announced a new kit that simplifies the way professional developers add video to their Web sites.
Microsoft Integration Server on Deck Microsoft (Quote, Chart) is ready to ship Host Integration Server 2004, offering a Windows interface to mainframes and legacy applications.
Phelps Pushes Gold-Medal Haul to Three ATHENS, Greece - With the quest to surpass Mark Spitz out of the way, Michael Phelps could savor one of the greatest races in swimming history. Phelps claimed...
Canadian poolcrasher prompts tighter security ATHENS - Olympic organizers have increased security inside all sports venues today after a Canadian, whose body was emblazoned with the name of an...
Americans Settle for 1-1 Tie With Aussies THESSALONIKI, Greece - The US women #39;s soccer team only needed a tie Tuesday, and that #39;s all it got - settling for a draw against a team it had always...
Southern African Development Community Agrees on New Election Guidelines Southern African leaders have agreed to a set of rules aimed at enhancing the transparency of elections and democratic rule in...
Army: May Not Withhold Halliburton Money  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army on Tuesday appeared to  reverse a decision to stop paying a portion of Halliburton  Co.'s &lt;A...
Lions' Porcher Accepting Diminished Role (AP) AP - Robert Porcher knows his NFL career is heading toward the end.
Romania Wins Women's Gymnastics Gold, U.S. Takes Silver  ATHENS (Reuters) - Romania underlined their superiority  over the rest of the field by storming to the women's  gymnastics team gold at the...
Japan Powers Past Cuba in Baseball  ATHENS (Reuters) - In a baseball battle of gold-medal  contenders, Japan banged three home runs to defeat Cuba 6-3  Tuesday, as starter Daisuke Matsuzaka pitched...
Stocks Up on Data, Despite Oil's Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher for a third  successive day on Tuesday, even as oil prices rose to another  record, after investors were...
Restoration Hardware Names Tate COO Tate, who will also become executive vice president of the Corte Madera-based home furnishings chain, was most recently the operating chief at Krispy Kreme...
Can RealNetworks Play Losses For Gain? NEW YORK - This is how serious the competition for digital music customers has become: RealNetworks will widen its losses in the hope of upgrading users to its...
CA Strengthens Security Investment CA (Quote, Chart) has taken a renewed interest this week in network security with two additions to its eTrust portfolio. The company acquired spyware killer...
New Wi-Fi Spec Pushes for 100 Mbps A consortium of companies collaborating under the moniker  quot;WWiSE quot; today announced their intended submission of a complete joint proposal to the IEEE...
DOD Chooses Linux Clusters Linux Networx has announced that two Department of Defense centers will be using Linux cluster supercomputers from the company to conduct battlefield simulations. The...
RVS Rathore: The silver lining Waiting for the bus to the Markopoulos shooting range this afternoon, a question from a Chinese journalist rattled me.  quot;From India? How many medals have you won?...
Overrated NBA athletes losing to better teams For the purist, watching basketball played at the Olympic level is a nice break from what #39;s become of the game in this country.
Olympics-Federer #39;s Games dream shattered ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer was bundled out of the Olympic tennis tournament on Tuesday by unheralded Czech Tomas Berdych.
Montreal at San Francisco, 7:05 PM SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- The San Francisco Giants will look for their sixth straight win Tuesday when they continue a four-game series against the Montreal Expos...
Arrested Qaida terrorist an India-born WASHINGTON: Abu Musa al-Hindi, one of the principle terror suspects charged with plotting to attack US financial institutions, has been identified as India-born...
Media giant BSkyB sues EDS over troubled CRM system London-based media giant British Sky Broadcasting Group has filed a legal claim against Electronic Data Services over a problematic CRM system...
Microsoft readies Host Integration Server 2004 The newest edition of Host Integration Server, which replaces the 2000 version, is designed to make it easier for users to link Windows systems with IBM...
Q A: HP's Livermore sees no need for HP-UX on x86 Ann Livermore, executive vice president of HP's Technology Solutions Group, discussed the company's recent earnings report and talked about its...
Pentagon turns to Linux for high-end battlefield simulations As part of its technology update program, the Defense Department has turned to two 256-processor Linux Networx Evolocity cluster...
Gartner revises PC market forecast, warns of downside Although the PC market won't grow as fast this year as originally envisioned by Gartner analysts, the industry is still expected to sell 12.6...
IBM seeks dismissal in second part of SCO case In documents filed Friday with the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah, IBM sought the dismissal of a major component of the lawsuit filed...
Analysts concerned about longer-than-expected G5 delays Analysts from Prudential Equity Group and UBS are warning that delayed shipments of G5 chips from IBM could affect Apple Computer's bottom line
Making Slideshows Comparing photo slideshow computer applications, Thomas E. Weber writes for the Wall Street Journal,  #147;Those using an Apple computer won #146;t need to agonize over which...
New Europe Coaches Make Mark in World Cup (AP) AP - It didn't take long for the new coaches of three soccer powers to make their marks.
U.S. Rebounds with Narrow Basketball Win Over Greece  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States rebounded from a shock  opening game loss to narrowly beat Greece 77-71 at the men's  Olympic basketball...
Google IPO imminent SAN JOSE, Calif. -- After months of unprecedented hype, Google took a final step toward its long-awaited public stock sale, asking regulators to finalize paperwork that could...
Woman claims Costco discriminates against female managers SAN FRANCISCO An assistant store manager at Costco filed a federal civil rights suit today in San Francisco. Shirley  quot;Rae quot; Ellis...
Ford, Magna face class-action suit TORONTO (CP) -- Up to 400,000 Canadians might be driving Ford vehicles with faulty door latches that could lead to serious injury or death, according to a...
Air Canada gets lease on life Creditors approve plan, get 10 cents on the dollar and allow airline to emerge from bankruptcy. MONTREAL (Reuters) - Air Canada creditors approved a recapitalization...
RealNetworks Slashes Prices For Music Downloads For three weeks, it will sell songs for 49 cents and albums for \$4.99--a move that could spark a price war.
Shot-Put Returns to Ancient Stadium THENS, Aug. 17  American shot-putter John Godina walked into the ancient Olympic stadium at Olympia when he arrived there earlier this week and the history he had...
No deaths  #39;miraculous #39; in English flash flooding LONDON  British police said today they believed no one had died in flash flooding that struck seaside communities in southwest England, but...
Home Depot Profit Tops Estimates on Sales  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc. on Tuesday reported a  19 percent rise in second-quarter profit, handily topping  estimates, as store renovations and...
Dollar Up Slightly Vs. Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar eked out marginal gains  against the euro on Tuesday as the market digested a  slew of  U.S. economic data that failed to substantially...
Violence Tackled at Online Gaming Parlors (AP) AP - Six days a week, teens crowd the Blue Screen Gaming cybercafe to hunt each other down with assault rifles inside virtual computer worlds. In these...
HP's Fiorina stood up by Argentina's President &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Belly bands and three-legged stools
News: TRMM Sees Rain from Hurricanes Fall Around the World Since rain and freshwater flooding are the number one causes of death from hurricanes in the United States over the last 30 years, better...
Desert hospitality, honor, and the war outside the door One Najaf family's shifting view of the fierce fighting that surrounds them.
Marked men with no place to hide The Honduran government's crackdown on street gangs has been swift, severe, and apparently successful.
Greek baseball team, made in the USA Success at the Games could boost the popularity of a sport unfamiliar to Greeks.
Tired of post-9/11 hassles, Arab tourists head east Saudi visitors to Malaysia were up 53 percent in 2004.
Sun-shy female commuters fuel an Asian fad Part hat, part mask, part visor, it's a new piece of bicycle headgear.
Nepal braced for rebel 'blockade' Nepalese forces are on alert ahead a deadline set by rebels, who have threatened to blockade the capital.
J.C. Penney Posts Profit, Sales Strong  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator J.C. Penney  Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCP.N...
Treasuries, Oil Up, Inflation in Check  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices rallied on  Tuesday, dragging yields to four-month lows as July inflation  figures proved subdued and soaring oil...
Windows XP Security Update Delayed (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional operating system, citing a desire to give...
Network Solutions is Pathetic \\We have a few domains hosted on Network Solutions.  For one reason or another we\were in a hurry and just used NetSol as our registrar.  BIG mistake!\\They are one...
Eagles Defensive End Kalu Out for Year (AP) AP - Defensive end N.D. Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during in Tuesday's practice.
US NBA stars pushed to the brink before edging Greece (AFP) AFP - Allen Iverson scored 17 points despite a fractured right thumb and the reeling United States team was pushed to the brink before...
A Big Perk for 84 Lumber Golfers (AP) AP - David Toms was going through his PGA Tour schedule for the remainder of the year when he mentioned the 84 Lumber Classic, which is squeezed between the...
Blast in Gaza House Kills at Least Two (AP) AP - An explosion in a house in Gaza City early Wednesday killed at least two people, Palestinian witnesses said. It was not immediately known what caused...
Blast in Gaza Home of Hamas Man Kills 4 - Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion tore through the home of a  senior Hamas militant in Gaza on Wednesday, killing at least  four people and wounding him...
Sudan Says More Police to Shield Darfur Refugees  ABUJA, Nigeria (Reuters) - Sudan plans to double the number  of police in Darfur to 20,000, the country's foreign minister  said on Tuesday in the...
Report: Japan, Russia to Lose Population WASHINGTON - Japan, Germany and many other large industrialized countries face long-term population slowdowns or declines as more young adults have fewer...
Thrilling Relay Win Gets Phelps Third Gold ATHENS, Greece - Now this was a duel in the pool. With Michael Phelps leading off Tuesday night, the United States bested its rival from Down Under in the...
Microsoft Updates Its IBM Connectivity Server On Tuesday, Microsoft unveiled the 2004 version of its Host Integration Server (HIS) product, which is designed to integrate IBM mainframes and servers...
Official backs Scrafton #39;s version A former federal official has backed Mike Scrafton #39;s story that he told John Howard three days before the 2001 election that the children overboard story was...
Japan Turns to 'Dream Team' to Restore Baseball Pride  ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's own baseball "Dream Team"  hammered arch-rivals Cuba 6-3 and set themselves up as  favorites for gold in the Athens...
After the Bell-Applied Materials rises after earnings NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Shares of Applied Materials Inc. (AMAT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest maker of chip-making tools, rose...
Alcoa closing Ohio plant, cutting 140 jobs Alcoa Inc. will close an automotive components factory in Ohio and lay off its staff in a bid to cut excess capacity, the Pittsburgh-based company said...
Berkshire Takes Stake in Pier 1 Fellow Fool Alyce Lomax and I need to debate Pier 1 Imports (NYSE: PIR). Between Alyce covering the company warnings and me advising not to jump off the pier, there...
Microsoft delays security update for Windows XP Professional REDMOND, Wash. -- Microsoft has delayed distribution of a security update for users of its Windows XP Professional operating system to...
Microsoft Updates Its IBM Connectivity Server Microsoft on Tuesday unveiled the 2004 version of its Host Integration Server (HIS) product, which is designed to integrate IBM mainframes and servers...
Motorola rolls out database management software AUGUST 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Motorola Inc. announced today it has completed the second phase of a four-phase rollout of information life-cycle...
Greek Soccer Out of Olympic Running The recently crowned European Champions are out of the running for a medal in men #39;s soccer. In the group rounds, Greece lost to Mexico 2:3 and watched as its...
Kalu out for the year with torn ACL Defensive end ND Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during in Tuesday #39;s practice.
Google IPO Paper Not Declared Effective (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission did not declare effective Google Inc.'s registration\statement for its multibillion-dollar...
SEC Delays Google Stock Offering Google Inc.'s long-awaited initial stock sale, which appeared imminent Tuesday, has been delayed while the company awaits final approval of its paperwork by the...
Britain scratching about for medals (AFP) AFP - Britain were neck and neck with Olympic minnows Slovakia and Zimbabwe and desperately hoping for an elusive gold medal later in the week.
Mobile Homes a Danger in Hurricane Zones, Owners Say PUNTA GORDA, Fla. (Reuters) - Rita Weston survived Hurricane Charley huddled under a mattress with her husband and mother in a mobile home she...
Alcoa to Close Ohio Plant, Cut 140 Jobs Aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. said Tuesday it is closing its Northwood, Ohio, automotive components factory by year-end to trim excess capacity, which will...
Cendant breaks off mortgage unit talks The real estate and travel company says it will continue to look for a buyer of its mortgage business.
Windows XP Security Update Delayed Microsoft Corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to...
New bird species discovered in Babuyan Island A NEW bird species, which is believed to be found nowhere else in the world, has been discovered on the remote island of Calayan, 70 km north of Luzon.
IBM Unwraps Middle Tier i5 Server IBM on Tuesday unveiled the eServer i5 550, a new addition to its Power 5-based lineup that it #39;s aiming at mid-sized business.
AOL Releases Netscape 7.2 Also included with 7.2 is an improved pop-up blocker which now stops more pop-ups than any previous version of Netscape, something only just apparent in some more widely...
Analysts concerned about longer-than-expected G5 delays AUGUST 17, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Analysts from Prudential Equity Group and UBS have warned over the past two days that longer than expected G5...
Japan lifts men #39;s gymnastics team gold (updated) ATHENS, Aug. 16 (Xinhuanet) -- World championships third-placers Japan took a sweet revenge on Monday to claim the men #39;s gymnasticsteam title...
Geogia woman wins medal in fencing ATHENS - The United States won its first fencing medals in 20 years Tuesday, a bronze by an Atlanta-area competitor and a gold by Mariel Zagunis in the saber...
Iraqi Peace Mission Snubbed by Rebel Cleric Sadr NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Tuesday refused to meet an Iraqi peace delegation because of  quot;American aggression quot;...
Israel invites bids for construction of 1,000 more homes in West Bank JERUSALEM (AP) - The Israeli government on Tuesday issued bids for 1,000 new homes in Jewish West Bank settlements, in a...
Blast in Gaza Home of Hamas Man Kills 4 - Medics GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion tore through the home of a senior Hamas militant in Gaza on Wednesday, killing at least four people and wounding him and...
US to withhold Halliburton money The Pentagon is to withhold a proportion of payments to US firm Halliburton which supplies meals to US troops in Iraq.
Product Review: HP d530 Business Desktop (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - I.T. managers will appreciate the versatility of the HP (NYSE: HPQ) d530 Business Desktop, equipped with a 2.8 GHz Pentium 4 with...
Aberdeen: CRM To Lead SMB Enterprise Software Spending (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Small and mid-sized businesses (SMBs) still view cost-cutting as their primary reason for making enterprise software...
Group Urges EPA for More Pollution Cuts (AP) AP - If the government required deeper cuts in air pollution from power plants, at least 3,000 lives would be saved and 140,000 children would avoid...
N.Y. Orders Power Plants to Cut Emissions (AP) AP - Citing what they called a public health emergency, New York officials on Tuesday ordered power plants to reduce emissions blamed for acid rain.
Crypto researchers abuzz over flaws Presenters at the Crypto 2004 conference identify faster ways to forge digital signatures with common security algorithms.
HP WORLD - HP: ProLiant delays to continue through August CHICAGO - Hewlett-Packard Co. customers will continue to have difficulties ordering custom configurations of HP's ProLiant servers though the...
Venezuelan Officials Agree to Audit Sample (AP) AP - Venezuelan election officials agreed Tuesday to conduct a partial audit of the results of a recall referendum won by President Hugo Chavez, amid...
Explosion in Hamas Man's Home in Gaza Kills 4  GAZA (Reuters) - An explosion tore through the home of a  senior Hamas leader in Gaza on Wednesday, killing at least four  people and wounding him and...
7 Texas Kids Found in Nigeria Orphanage HOUSTON - Seven Texas children were discovered abandoned at a Nigerian orphanage, suffering from disease and malnutrition, and have been brought back to the...
U.S. Bounces Back to Beat Greece 77-71 ATHENS, Greece - Lamar Odom made a key defensive play on Greece's Dimitris Pipanikoulaou, preventing him from getting a clean layup attempt that could have cut...
Thrilling Relay Win Gets Phelps Third Gold ATHENS, Greece - Now this was a duel in the pool. With Michael Phelps leading off Tuesday night, the United States bested its top rival in the most...
ING Withdrawing  #36;5 Billion From Janus (AP) AP - Janus Capital Group Inc. on Tuesday identified ING US Financial Services as the client planning to withdraw  #36;5 billion from the Denver-based...
SEC Leaves Google Waiting on IPO Go Ahead  NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators  on Tuesday did not give Google Inc. the green light it needs to  price its initial public...
Hoops Team Rebounds The Americans survive a poor shooting night to beat Greece 77-71 at the men's Olympic basketball tournament on Tuesday.
Google IPO document not declared WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission has not declared effective Google #39;s registration statement for its multibillion-dollar initial...
Yukos woes flare up again, offsetting Venezuela vote SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Crude futures headed higher Tuesday to close at a new historic level near \$47 a barrel, following news that a Russian...
Borders 2Q Profits Soar 89 Percent Borders Group Inc. #39;s second-quarter profits rose 89 percent on stronger-than-anticipated book sales and topped Wall Street #39;s estimates. The company also...
FTC Seeks to Delay Arch-Triton Merger Antitrust regulators have asked a federal appeals court to temporarily block Arch Coal Inc. #39;s \$364 million acquisition of Triton Coal Co. Ltd., pending...
Another dodo? Flightless bird found in Philippines SCIENTISTS have discovered a new species of flightless bird on a remote island in the Philippines, the conservation group BirdLife International...
AOL Releases Netscape Browser Update America Online Inc. on Tuesday opened the curtain on its update to the Netscape Web browser. Netscape 7.2 became available for download from the Netscape site. As...
Gloom amid the boom BANGALORE - The success of India #39;s high-tech and outsourcing industry was built on Bangalore but the southern city where the boom began has now become a victim of its own...
Unobstructed Views: Olympic-sized fools For all their troubles, the Olympic Games remain the greatest unifying force in the world. Every four years, they draw a diverse international audience,...
US Wins First Fencing Gold Since 1904 THENS, Aug. 17  As the American fencer Mariel Zagunis yelled in triumph, her teammates rushed her and hurled her into the air. What made their celebratory...
Colombian golfer leads US Amateur qualifying MAMARONECK, NY (AP)  Oscar Alvarez of Colombia shot a 3-under-par 67 for the first-round lead at the US Amateur on Monday. Alvarez, a junior at BYU, had...
North Korea  #39;won #39;t pull out of 6-way talks #39; BEIJING - China said yesterday that its close ally North Korea will not be pulling out of six-party talks, despite Pyongyang hinting that...
Annan urges Myanmar to free Suu Kyi NEW YORK  UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on Tuesday raised doubts about Myanmar #39;s resolve to implement a road map for democracy and urged the nation #39;s...
Borders Profits Rise, Raises Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Borders Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BGP.N...
Army May Not Withhold Halliburton Money  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army reversed a decision  late Tuesday to withhold payment on 15 percent of future  invoices of Halliburton Co.'s &lt;A...
Google Interview Is Draw for Latest Playboy Issue (Reuters) Reuters - The new issue of Playboy magazine\isn't drawing attention in some circles for its trademark\centerfold but for an interview with...
Williamson Gets Third Opinion on Elbow (AP) AP - Red Sox reliever Scott Williamson sought a third opinion on his ailing right elbow Tuesday before deciding whether to have major reconstructive...
Iran Threatens Israel on Nuclear Reactor (AP) AP - Accompanied by a warning that its missiles have the range, Iran on Tuesday said it would destroy Israel's Dimona nuclear reactor if the Jewish state...
Grim funeral service held for Burundi massacre victims (AFP) AFP - Thousands of grieving people and top politicians attended a grim funeral service held to bury some 160 Congolese Tutsis slaughtered...
Borders Profits Rise, Raises Outlook NEW YORK (Reuters) - Borders Group Inc. (BGP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US bookseller, on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose, beating estimates by...
Applied Materials Reports Profit in 3Q Applied Materials Inc., the world #39;s largest supplier of machines that make computer chips, Tuesday said surging sales in its latest quarter surpassed its...
NZ PRESS: NGC Seeks LPG, Network Businesses To Grow WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--NGC Holdings (NGC.NZ), a New Zealand-based gas distribution and metering concern, is seeking liquified petroleum gas and...
New bird species discovered in Philippines Cambridge, England, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- British and Filipino researchers have found a new bird species on a remote island in the northern Philippines, which is...
AOL adopts Girafa #39;s thumbnail search technology Girafa.com, which develops and providers data visualization solutions and services, announced yesterday that CompuServe, Netscape, AIM and ICQ -...
HHS spends \$228M on IT programs A preliminary accounting of efforts by the Department of Health and Human Services shows that the agency has about 19 major health information technology initiatives,...
Palm adds an SD Wi-Fi card PalmOne has at long last released an SD Wi-Fi card, enabling PDA users to connect to both office WLANs and public hotspots. However, difficulties with implementing wireless...
UAE, India hit Olympic firsts ATHENS  The United Arab Emirates and India scored Olympic firsts on day four of the Athens Games on Tuesday and there was good news also for host Greece, which landed...
Olympics: US NBA stars pushed to the brink before edging Greece ATHENS : Allen Iverson scored 17 points despite a fractured right thumb and the reeling United States team was pushed to the brink...
Matildas #39;salvage late draw with US ATHENS: Australia #39;s Matildas salvaged a 1-1 draw against the United States at the Athens Olympics on Tuesday to join the Americans in the last eight of the...
Olympics-Federer #39;s Olympic dream shattered twice over ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer #39;s top target for the year -- an Olympic tennis gold medal -- was taken away...
Karzai likely to visit Pakistan next week KABUL: Afghan President Hamid Karzai is likely to visit Pakistan from August 23 (Monday), sources said on Tuesday.
Candidate for Democratic Party Arrested in China ONG KONG, Aug. 17  An already heated election campaign for the legislature here took an unexpected turn today with an announcement by the Democratic...
Borders Profits Up, Outlook Raised  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Borders Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BGP.N...
Australia Salvages Late Draw with U.S. Women in Soccer  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's "Matildas" salvaged a 1-1  draw against the United States at the Athens Olympics on  Tuesday to join the...
Manning Gets Chance to Start Giants Coach Tom Coughlin announced that rookie quarterback Eli Manning will start ahead of two-time M.V.P. Kurt Warner in Thursday's preseason game against Carolina.
Ruling Likely Ends Bloom's College Football Career The N.C.A.A. has denied Jeremy Bloom's request to play football at Colorado while accepting endorsements to support his skiing career.
IMF gives Jamaica thumbs up The International Monetary Fund has praised the Jamaican government for stabilizing the country's economy.
Outspoken Winslow Makes Impression at Camp (AP) AP - Hot-tempered and outspoken, Kellen Winslow Jr. isn't toning it down just because he's a rookie.
US NBA stars pushed to the brink before edging Greece (AFP) AFP - Sick, injured and reeling from a humiliating loss, the United States basketball team struggled past Greece 77-71 in an Olympic...
Israel Kills 5 in Attempt to Assassinate Hamas Man  GAZA (Reuters) - A senior Hamas leader survived an Israeli  assassination attempt on Wednesday but at least five other  Palestinians were killed in...
Carl Reiner: Comedy as a Life #39;s Work Description: Actor Carl Reiner found his life #39;s calling in the third grade, making his classmates laugh by walking on his hands. The actor, comedian and...
Google Stock Sale Delayed as SEC Doesn #39;t Act on IPO (Update1) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc. #39;s plan to sell shares today in an initial public offering was delayed because the US...
US withholds some Halliburton payments for Iraq services Halliburton said Tuesday that the US Army had decided not to grant it additional time to substantiate its costs for feeding and housing...
Mounties initiate Nortel investigation The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) have launched a criminal investigation into the financial accounting practices of network gear maker Nortel Networks...
Phelps #39;s dreams meet not-so-bad realities ATHENS Imagine, just for the length of a breezy, sun-kissed summer evening in Athens, that you had not heard a word about Michael Phelps before these...
Federer eliminated by the 74th-ranked Berdych ATHENS Top-seeded Roger Federer was eliminated in the second round of the Olympic tennis tournament Tuesday, losing to Tomas Berdych of the Czech...
Georgian Leader Seeks Ossetia Conference Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili appealed to world leaders Tuesday to convene an international conference on the conflict in breakaway South Ossetia,...
Australia #39;s Labor Leader Latham Hospitalized With Pancreatitis Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- The leader of Australia #39;s main opposition Labor Party, Mark Latham, has been hospitalized with...
Google market debut delayed Google's estimated \$3bn flotation has been delayed by at least a day as the firm awaits regulatory approval.
Financial Firms Hasten Their Move to Outsourcing A myriad of financial institutions including banks, mutual funds, insurance companies, investment firms and credit-card companies are sending work to...
Berlin Zoo Separates Baby Rhino from Clumsy Mother (Reuters) Reuters - Vets at a Berlin zoo have been forced to\separate a baby rhino from his mother for fear she may\accidentally trample him to...
Novell bundles JBoss app server Novell Inc. earlier this month bundled the open-source, J2EE-compliant JBoss Application Server with its SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 9, giving application developers...
Stricken Washington Guard to Return (AP) AP - Twenty months after her teammates helped save her life when her heart stopped, Kayla Burt said Tuesday she plans to again play basketball for Washington...
Borders Profits Up, Outlook Raised NEW YORK (Reuters) - Borders Group Inc. (BGP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US bookseller, on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose, beating estimates by...
Update 1: Louisiana-Pacific Names Frost CEO Louisiana-Pacific Corp. named executive vice president Richard W. Frost the lumber company #39;s next chief executive, company officials announced Tuesday.
Wall Street closes higher, but record oil prices cap day #39;s gains NEW YORK : Wall Street shares closed higher on Tuesday, but record oil prices capped the day #39;s gains amid concerns over a...
Confidence drops in Germany Investor confidence in Germany, Europe #39;s biggest economy, dropped in August to the lowest level in more than a year, according to data released on Tuesday, amid...
IBM to buy Danish firms International Business Machines said Tuesday it would buy two Danish competitors to add consulting services for shipping and logistics companies.
XP security update delayed MICROSOFT has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to...
Greeks leave hospital to face music Kostas Kederis and Ekaterini Thanou, the Greek sprinters who, it is alleged, deliberately evaded four drugs tests, left hospital yesterday with Kederis having been...
White Sox manager sent to hospital White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen, set to start a two-game suspension Tuesday night, went to a hospital before the game against Detroit because of pain in his back...
Hollywood awaits Termite from Texas and Iraqi fly What an inspirational story: former world title contender becomes used car salesman in Texas, becomes rattlesnake killer, becomes pest exterminator...
Flash flood in Cornwall leaves villagers missing BOSCASTLE, England Rescue workers searched this coastal village in north Cornwall on Tuesday for missing persons after a flash flood sent a wall of...
Calif. Assembly Backs E-Mail Monitoring Disclosure (Reuters) Reuters - California's Assembly on Tuesday\voted to require the state's employers to inform their workers\in writing if e-mail and other...
Health Highlights: Aug. 17, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----     Arizona Leads Nation in West Nile Cases     ...
Illinois Plans Online Network to Import Cheaper Drugs By DON BABWIN    CHICAGO (AP) -- Ignoring a federal ban on prescription drug imports, Illinois' governor announced Tuesday that the state would...
Free-Speech Protection Sought for Internet Casino Ads By Alan Sayre    NEW ORLEANS (AP) -- The operator of a gambling news site on the Internet has asked a federal judge to declare that...
President OKs More Colombia Assistance (AP) AP - President Bush said Tuesday the U.S. government will continue to assist Colombia in interdicting aircraft suspected of drug trafficking.
N.Y. Welcomes Protesters With Discounts (AP) AP - Discounted hotels and Broadway show tickets for convention protesters?
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Tuesday, Aug. 17, 943 U.S. service members have died since the beginning of military operations in Iraq in March 2003, according to the Defense...
India and Pakistan notch up first hockey wins (Reuters) Reuters - Former hockey powerhouses Pakistan and India notched up their first wins of the Athens Olympics on Tuesday, charming crowds with...
US CREDIT-Halliburton jostled by Army audit back-and-forth NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - In an otherwise listless credit market, Halliburton has created some drama with its ongoing saga with the Army...
After the Bell-Applied Materials, Network Appliances rise NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Shares of data storage equipment maker Network Appliance Inc. (NTAP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose after the...
(Recasts first paragraph, adds transaction details, CEO interview, stock price and byline) NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Mills Corp. (MLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , adeveloper of theme shopping...
Argentina rejects IMF intervention In the face of sharp disagreements between Argentina and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), on August 8 the Argentine government decided to temporarily suspend...
Phelps gets that golden feeling again ATHENS, Greece  Take Mark Spitz off his back, and this Phelps kid is pretty fast.  quot;It is, quot; Michael Phelps conceded,  quot;a little bit easier to get up...
Olympics: Phelps in Gold Rush, Doping Scandals Rumble On ATHENS (Reuters) - US teenager Michael Phelps powered his way to two more golds in the Olympic swimming pool on Tuesday, setting a new Games...
Faulds folds as Al Maktoum triumphs The family name alone, Al Maktoum, offered more than a scintilla of suspicion that we could expect something special. Never mind that victory normally materialises...
Stricken Washington guard announces return to court Twenty months after her teammates helped save her life when her heart stopped, Kayla Burt said Tuesday she plans to again play basketball for...
UN claims lack of military observers in Darfur region KHARTOUM, Aug 18, 2004 (Financial Times) -- The number of military observers deployed in the Darfur region of Sudan is not sufficient to monitor...
Germany #39;s Chancellor Schroder and his wife adopt Russian girl Germany #39;s Chancellor Gerhard Schroder and his wife Doris have adopted a three-year-old Russian girl who has been living with them...
PM  #39;a trustworthy invidual #39; PRIME Minister John Howard was a trustworthy individual and most Australians knew it, Deputy Prime Minister John Anderson said.
Consumer Prices Drop as Industry Output Is Up Consumer prices dropped in July for the first time in eight months as a sharp run up in gasoline costs reversed, the government said.
Hiking With Dogs Has Health Benefits People who love to hike find taking along a four-legged companion can have physical benefits for both ends of the leash. Studies show people are more successful...
Netscape browser update released SAN FRANCISCO - After being written off by industry observers last year, America Online Inc.'s browser unit showed signs of life Tuesday as it released an update to...
Simms Impressive in Bucs' Preseason Debut (AP) AP - Jon Gruden can understand why Tampa Bay fans are talking about Chris Simms.
Vatican Gives Schedule of Pope's Next Trip (AP) AP - Two days after a grueling papal pilgrimage which left some wondering if Pope John Paul II could still travel, the Vatican on Tuesday announced...
New Computer Is Created Just for Teenagers This isn't your typical, humdrum, slate-colored computer. Not only is the PC known as the hip-e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed in...
Violence Tackled at Internet Gaming Parlors By ALEX VEIGA     LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Six days a week, teens crowd the Blue Screen Gaming cybercafe to hunt each other down with assault rifles inside...
Google Stock Sale Delayed as SEC Doesn #39;t Act on IPO (Update1) Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc. #39;s plan to sell shares today in a \$3.47 billion initial public offering was delayed because...
Costco employee claims retailer discriminates against women SAN FRANCISCO - An assistant manager at a Costco store filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday accusing the retailer of not promoting her because...
Netscape browser update released SAN FRANCISCO - After being written off by industry observers last year, America Online Inc. #39;s browser unit showed signs of life Tuesday as it released an update...
Study: Spammers, Virus Writers Getting Chummy A new MessageLabs report says more than 86 of the E-mail it sampled in June was spam--and nearly one in 10 contained a virus.
Faster Wireless Networking Protocol Proposed The WWiSE proposal builds on the existing and globally adopted 20MHz channel format of the tens of millions of Wi-Fi devices already in use. Its proposal...
Powell calls Russian FM over Georgian conflict WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- US Secretary of State Colin Powell has called Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov over the conflict in Georgia...
Sudan deploys additional 2,000 policemen in Darfur KHARTOUM, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- The Sudanese government said on Tuesday that it has deployed another 2,000 policemen in Darfur to secure the...
HP Execs: Supply Chain, Order Processing Hurt U.S. Q3 Results (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - A week after shaking up its enterprise hardware business following a poor showing...
Vindigo sold to Japanese content company Japan's For-Side.com pays \$36.5 million for provider of maps, news and other material for mobile devices.
Britain Charges Eight Terrorist Suspects LONDON - British police charged eight terrorist suspects Tuesday with conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or...
Google Offering Is Delayed Google's long-awaited initial stock sale, which appeared imminent today, has been delayed while the company awaits final approval of its paperwork by the S.E.C.
Benefits Seen in Earth Observation Data (AP) AP - Scientists are planning to take the pulse of the planet  #151; and more  #151; in an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs months...
Maryland Dig May Reach Back 16,000 Years (AP) AP - Robert D. Wall is too careful a scientist to say he's on the verge of a sensational discovery. But the soybean field where the Towson University...
Expedition to Peru Finds Five New Sites (AP) AP - An American-led expedition discovered five new districts in what its leader described as an ancient jungle metropolis on the slopes of the Peruvian...
SEC Leaves Google Waiting on IPO Go Ahead NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US regulators on Tuesday did not give Google Inc. the green light it needs to price its initial public offering, extending...
SEC Is Seen Banning Mutual Fund Practice The Securities and Exchange Commission is poised to curb fund companies from steering stock trades to brokerage firms that agree to sell their funds.
New Vodafone contract puts Beckham in picture Despite his disappointing performance in Portugal during the World Cup, England captain and Real Madrid midfielder David Beckham has at least one loyal...
Israeli Attack in Gaza Kills Five Palestinians, Haaretz Says Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Israeli soldiers were behind an explosion at a house used by Hamas gunmen in Gaza City that killed five...
Briefly: Maxtor ships multimedia-friendly drive roundup Plus: Gateway says, hold on to your hard drive...Kinko's debuts Web-based print options...Majoras takes charge of FTC.
Maxtor ships multimedia-friendly drive The new DiamondMax 10 drives are designed to help people run multiple applications, such as games and music, without overwhelming their PC system.
Gadget price declines slow for summer Consumer electronics prices still drop, mostly, but not so much.
Yahoo Unveils Budget Domains Deal Domain hosting and parking services drop in price, rise in capacity to lure small businesses.
Netscape Updates Browser Mozilla-based Netscape 7.2 improves printing and integrates instant messaging.
Crude Oil Trades Near Record on US Economic Growth Report Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil futures in New York traded near a record \$46.95 a barrel as strengthening US economic figures boosted...
Tokyo Stocks Mixed; Dollar Down Vs. Yen (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks were mixed early Wednesday as concerns about high oil prices vied for buying prompted by Wall Street's strength. The dollar was trading...
Netscape Updates Browser (PC World) PC World - Mozilla-based Netscape 7.2 improves printing and integrates instant messaging.
Security Firms Bulk Up (PC World) PC World - CA buys antispyware vendor PestPatrol while McAfee snaps up Foundstone.
Moore Takes Stroke Honors at U.S. Amateur (AP) AP - Ryan Moore took medalist honors in stroke-qualifying play at the U.S. Amateur on Tuesday, shooting and even-par 70 for a two-round total of 139.
Real music takes bite out of Apple A price war in the online music market began yesterday when RealNetworks began an aggressive campaign to challenge industry leader Apple.
New to science, island bird that never flies nest A new species of flightless bird has been discovered on Calayan, a remote island in the Philippines, by an Anglo Filipino expedition.
Another Product Delay at Intel Intel originally announced it had developed chip technology for high-definition big-screen televisions at the annual Consumer Electronics Show in January. It originally...
Game execs predict mergers, price cuts LOS ANGELES - Video game executives believe consolidation will be crucial to their future, but they also want further cuts to hardware prices to boost...
It #39;s a big injustice, protests Greek sprinter The Greek sprinter Kostas Kenteris left hospital yesterday protesting his innocence ahead of today #39;s International Olympic Committee disciplinary...
US NBA stars edge Greece Sick, injured and reeling from a humiliating loss, the United States basketball team struggled past Greece 77-71 in an Olympic preliminary-round game that signalled more...
Iraqi delegation flies to Najaf for peace talks An eight-member team of Iraqi political and religious leaders flew to Najaf to talk with Sadr on Tuesday.(Xinhua/AFP) ...
UK charges 8 in terror plot linked to US alert LONDON: Britain has charged eight terrorism suspects and said one had plans which could be used in terror attacks on US financial targets in New York,...
China says hopes N.Korea nuclear talks to continue BEIJING, Aug 18 (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday it hoped all six parties taking part in talks on the North Korea nuclear crisis would keep calm,...
British soldier killed in Basra A British soldier was believed to have been killed and another seriously injured last night after clashes with Shia fighters in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
Dominicans send juiced message Dominican New Yorkers had a message yesterday for the newly elected president of their homeland: Let there be light.
SEC seeks to update stock sale rules BEIJING, Aug.18 (Xinhuanet) -- The US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) may revise its rules on initial stock offerings to modernize 1930s-era guidelines,...
AMP #39;s H1 profit beats expectation Insurer and fund manager AMP Ltd. , on Wednesday posted a better-than-expected first-half profit on higher investment returns and improved margins, and targeted...
Yahoo Unveils Budget Domains Deal Domain hosting and parking services drop in price, rise in capacity to lure small businesses. Trying to attract more small business customers, Yahoo has introduced a...
Fall Season Looks Solid for Retailers, But Holidays Could Be Another Story Against a background of lackluster retail sales in June and July, analysts and merchants still predict a decent, possibly...
Mutual Funds Opt to Liquidate Some of the nations more than 8,000 mutual funds are shutting their doors, as their manag- ers confront a lackluster stock market, great- er regulatory scrutiny and...
Charley Shows Progress, Pitfalls in Forecasting (Reuters) Reuters - A few decades ago, the earliest warning\Floridians would have had of a hurricane would have been black\clouds on the horizon. Now...
Bears' Tucker Out With Dislocated Elbow (AP) AP - Chicago Bears left guard Rex Tucker will miss eight to 10 weeks of the regular season because of a dislocated left elbow.
Researchers Try to Breed Rare Sea Ducks (AP) AP - Researchers at the Alaska Sealife Center are poking into the private lives of Steller's eiders  #151; a rare sea duck that is disappearing from its...
Google #39;s IPO delayed Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering has been delayed while the company awaits final approval of its paperwork by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
AMP Turns to 1st-Half Profit After It Cut Debt, Costs (Update4) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- AMP Ltd., Australia #39;s largest life insurer, posted its first half of profit in four after Chief Executive...
Cassini Spacecraft Discovers 2 More Moons Around Saturn The planet with the second largest number of moons now has two more. The US Cassini spacecraft discovered them around Saturn, bringing the...
US no-show: Teamwork When the NBA began sending its players to the Olympics in 1992, one of the league #39;s goals was to spread basketball around the globe. Clearly, the idea worked.
Athletes Return to Olympia, Home of Games, After 1,611 Years Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympia, home of the Olympics for more than 12 centuries, will host competition for the first time in 1,611 years...
Are England fans are changing their Toon? IN a desperate attempt to spark some public interest in an England team that appears to be quickly losing its appeal, Sven-Gran Eriksson announced his...
China halfway to complete medals goal BEIJING, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- China is already halfway to its stated goal of 20 gold medals at the Athens Olympics after going into the fourth day of the...
China says hopes N.Korea nuclear talks to continue BEIJING, Aug 18 (Reuters) - China said on Wednesday it hoped all six parties taking part in talks on the North Korea nuclear crisis keep calm,...
Senate probe needed: Faulkner A SENATE inquiry was needed into claims that the Prime Minister misled the Australian public over the children overboard affair, Labor Senate Leader John Faulkner said.
Athletics' Homers Crush Orioles 11-0 (AP) AP - Tim Hudson pitched a five-hitter to earn his first victory since June 11, and Scott Hatteberg's second grand slam of the season highlighted a four-homer...
Dodging Another Upset, U.S. Holds Off Greece Nobody heard the American players exhale when the buzzer sounded to end a 77-71 victory, because 12,000 delirious fans saluted Greece, the home team that...
Humes Sits One Out With a showdown against preseason No. 1 USC on the horizon, tailback Cedric Humes rested his sore ankle and sat out Tuesday's scrimmage.
Sox's Guillen Hospitalized Chicago White Sox skipper Ozzie Guillen entered a Chicago hospital on Tuesday with symptoms that suggest kidney stones.
Effort by Bush on Education Hits Obstacles Since President Bush signed No Child Left Behind, the law has imposed undeniable changes on public education, but it has also faced a backlash.
Cleric in Najaf Refuses to Meet Iraqi Mediators The delegation hoped to convince Moktada al- Sadr to disarm his militia, to leave the shrine and to join the political process.
Who's Behind the Gold Medalist's Mask? Gosh, an American! Mariel Zagunis crushed Tan Xue of China, 15-9, in the final of the women's saber Tuesday, earning the first American gold in a recognized...
Windows XP SP2 update delayed BEIJING, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Microsoft Corp. has delayed automatic update of Windows XP Service Pack 2 to American company users until Aug. 25.
Cassini found two little Saturn moons BEIJING, Aug.18(Xinhuanet) -- NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft has spied two new moons around the satellite-rich Saturn.
It can #39;t fly and sounds like a trumpet, but new bird delights ornithologists The mystery bird was certainly distinctive: dark brown, red bill, red legs, call like a trumpet, pretty hopeless at...
Accused pair to tell their side of story This morning as Britain awakes, Kostas Kenteris and his training partner, Katerina Thanou, will be asked three questions by the disciplinary commission of the...
Edwards #39; appeal against two-year ban fails Torri Edwards, the American sprinter, was shown no mercy here last night when the Court of Arbitration for Sport upheld her two-year doping ban.
Terror charges London, Aug. 17 (Reuters): Britain charged eight men today with conspiracy to murder and other terrorism charges, some of them relating to plans of US buildings that could have been...
Senior Hamas leader wounded An explosion tore through the home of a senior Hamas leader in Gaza yesterday, killing at least five people and wounding him and about a dozen other Palestinians, medics...
US Hopes Influence Can Quell Russian - Georgian Tensions WASHINGTON, Aug 17 (AFP) - The United States is eyeing tensions between Georgia and separatists in Abkhazia and South Ossetia while hoping US...
Seven dead in Baghdad blast Interior Ministry officials had earlier said the blast on Tuesday was caused by a car bomb. At least five cars were ...
Japan Stocks Turn Lower on Oil Worries  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average turned lower by  late morning on Wednesday as concern over surging oil prices  and their possible impact on the global...
Paes-Bhupathi overcome Federer-Allegro (Reuters) Reuters - World number one Roger Federer's top target for the year -- an Olympic tennis gold medal -- was taken away from him in a "terrible day" on...
Najaf Fighting Continues Amid Peace Push BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi delegates delivered a peace proposal to aides of Muqtada al-Sadr in Najaf on Tuesday, but the militant cleric refused to meet with them...
Cabrera Leads Red Sox Past Blue Jays 5-4 BOSTON - Orlando Cabrera hit a run-scoring double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier's second pitch of the game, giving the...
Google flotation still dogged by last minute complications Google #39;s public share offering is expected to go ahead as early as today following a request for final regulatory approval from the US...
Alcoa to shutter Ohio automotive components plant PITTSBURGH Alcoa said today it will take a seven (m) million dollar charge to close an automotive components plant in Ohio due to overcapacity.
The latest on SP2 The long-awaited Service Pack 2 for the Windows XP Home Edition is expected to start rolling out to PC users Wednesday via Microsoft #39;s Automatic Update service. The company says...
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution ATHENS, Greece -- It began with Allen Iverson -- The Answer, the captain, the leader of Team USA -- forgetting about the fractured bone in his right thumb and...
Ancient Site a Throwback for Select Few Athletes THENS, Aug. 17 - Earlier this week, John Godina, a shot-putter from the United States, walked into the ancient stadium at Olympia, about 200 miles...
Flash floods force huge rescue bid LONDON: Rescue workers combed an English coastal village in north Cornwall yesterday for people missing after a flash flood caused by torrential rain hit Britain...
Parliamentarians Not To Compromise Governance For Personal Gains: Musharraf ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Aug 18 (PID) - President General Pervez Musharraf Tuesday urged the Parliamentarians not to...
Google Offering Waits For SEC Approval Google Inc.'s initial public offering of stock remained on hold Tuesday after the Securities and Exchange Commission delayed final approval of the company's...
Dot-Coms Anxious to Get Back in IPO Game The successful bidders for Google shares won't be the only ones watching eagerly to see how much the IPO excites the stock market. Dozens of dot-com companies...
Antiwar Protesters Told  Shop Till You Drop, Too New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has decided that if antiwar protesters are to descend on his city by the hundreds of thousands for the Republican...
Fairfax Tempts Foreign Firms to Branch Out Fairfax County is hoping to counter the exodus of U.S. jobs to other countries by persuading overseas companies to open branches in Fairfax, where they can...
Manning Gets Early Go-Ahead to Start Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on the Carolina Panthers.
Sheffield Should Be Able to Play On The Yankees' Gary Sheffield has a pulled muscle and bursitis in his troublesome left shoulder, but can continue to play.
Hudson Handcuffs O's Jermaine Dye began the fireworks in the sixth with a two-run home run and Tim Hudson baffled the Orioles as Oakland rolled, 11-0, Tuesday.
Cust Slogs Through Season With less than three weeks left in the Class AAA Ottawa Lynx's season, Jack Cust is counting down the days until his two-year stay with the Baltimore Orioles organization...
Caps' Witt Wins Arbitration Washington Capitals defenseman Brendan Witt was awarded \$2.2 million for the 2004-05 season in his arbitration hearing on Tuesday.
Bailey Tries WR Pro Bowl cornerback Champ Bailey practiced with the offense at wide reciever during the Denver Broncos' practice on Tuesday.
Dot-Coms Get Back in IPO Game (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The successful bidders for Google shares won't be the only ones watching eagerly to see how much the IPO excites the stock...
Production Grew, Prices Fell in July The nation's factories cranked out more products in July, miners dug more minerals and builders broke ground on more homes, the government said yesterday in three...
Mills Buys Into Lakeforest Mall Mills Corp., the Arlington-based retail developer, said yesterday it plans to buy half of Lakeforest Mall in Gaithersburg and eight other malls around the country in a...
Airlines Agree to Cuts at O'Hare Airlines operating at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport have agreed to cut flights  to reduce delays that ripple across the country, sources familiar with the...
U.S. Brokers Halt to Afghan Infighting (AP) AP - The U.S. ambassador helped broker a cease-fire Tuesday to halt the latest bloody infighting in Afghanistan, persuading a warlord to pull away from a...
GOP Rep. Cubin Wins Wyoming Primary (AP) AP - U.S. Rep. Barbara Cubin fended off four Republican challengers in Tuesday's primary election, securing a shot at a sixth term in this fall's general...
Crude rises on Iraq troubles SEPTEMBER oil prices rose yesterday on US economic data showing that inflationary pressure was held in check in July. However, continued disruption in Iraqi supplies and...
Bankruptcy fears as Yukos #39; half-year loss hits \$2.65bn YUKOS has reported a net loss of US\$2.65 billion (1.45bn) for the first half of 2004, a period of record oil prices, prompting speculation...
Halliburton hit THE US army will withhold payment on 15 per cent of future invoices from Halliburton, the logistics support group which is feeding and housing its troops in Iraq and Kuwait.
Wall Street takes heart from positive economic reports A NEW record high for oil took some of the shine off Wall Street trade yesterday. An upbeat picture of inflation and good housing data boosted...
E-Mail Viruses Getting Smarter, Report Says SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Computer viruses spread by e-mail are growing more sophisticated as virus writers and  quot;spammers quot; are thought to be...
Games Business Needs Mergers, Price Cuts-Report LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Video game executives believe consolidation will be crucial to their future, but they also want further cuts to hardware prices...
Event of the Day -- Men #39;s and women #39;s shot put Why you should watch: Given the longstanding American hegemony in the shot put, it #39;s plausible that the three-man US delegation could sweep...
Fellow Jets Are Getting to Know No. 89 EMPSTEAD, NY, Aug. 17 - It has become a recurring part of the practice-field banter at Jets training camp. Jerricho Cotchery, the rookie wide receiver, hauls in...
LOOKING BACK 8-Day Battle for Najaf: From Attack to Stalemate AJAF, Iraq, Aug. 16 - Just five days after they arrived here to take over from Army units that had encircled Najaf since an earlier...
Soldier dies as British troops clash with Sadr #39;s Basra army A BRITISH soldier was killed and at least one other injured during a fierce firefight with militia fighters in the southern Iraqi city...
Outgoing Ambassador Of Qatar Meets Musharraf ISLAMABAD, Pakistan : Aug 18 (PID) - The outgoing Ambassador of Qatar, Mr. Abdullah Falah A. Al-Dosari paid a courtesy called on the President General...
Raiders' Gallery Misses Camp With Injury (AP) AP - Left tackle Robert Gallery, the second player taken in the NFL draft, didn't practice Tuesday morning with the Oakland Raiders because of an elbow...
Rockies Pitcher Frets Health, Not Baseball (AP) AP - The blood clots that went from Aaron Cook's shoulder to his lungs might threaten his career.
Still No Movement in N.H.L. labor Talks The N.H.L. and the players association moved no closer to a collective bargaining agreement during a five-hour meeting Tuesday.
What Next for Venezuela? President Hugo Chavez is riding high after his overwhelming victory in a recall vote this week, but analysts say his triumph may have limited impact on the deep economic and...
Google Offering Waits for Approval Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering of stock remained on hold yesterday after the Securities and Exchange Commission delayed final approval of the company...
AMP Returns to Profit After Spinoff Australian financial services group AMP Ltd. on Wednesday reported a return to profit in the first half of the year after cutting loose its loss-making British...
Japan Stocks Fall on Oil Worries TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average fell 0.59 percent by midday on Wednesday, erasing initial gains, as exporters like Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. declined on...
TGn Sync Coalition Outlines Proposal for 802.11n TGn Sync, a coalition of more than a dozen vendors, will submit a joint proposal to the IEEE 802.11 Task Group N (TGn) for the next generation 802.11n...
Hamstring latest setback for Kupets There are favorites and there are expectations, but to compete in the Olympics is to hazard the risk of being outfought, outscored, out-happied.
Veteran hurler Beck released by Padres San Diego, CA (Sports Network) - The San Diego Padres requested unconditional release waivers for righthanded reliever Rod Beck on Tuesday, ending the 36-...
Sheffield Should Be Able to Play On INNEAPOLIS, Aug. 17 - The Yankees #39; Gary Sheffield has a pulled muscle and bursitis in his troublesome left shoulder, but can continue to play, according to a...
NFL ROUNDUP Eagles #39; Kalu Will Be Out for the Year Philadelphia Eagles defensive end ND Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee at yesterday #39;s...
AL Capsules Orlando Cabrera hit a run-scoring double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier #39;s second pitch of the game, giving the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 win over the...
China Battles to Keep N.Korea Nuclear Talks Alive BEIJING (Reuters) - China battled on Wednesday to keep alive six-way talks on dismantling North Korea #39;s nuclear programs, saying it hoped all...
McKenry doesn #39;t back Scrafton: PM Prime Minister John Howard said a former public servant had not backed the claims by former adviser Mike Scrafton about the children overboard affair.
Twins Collect Rare Victory Over Yankees (AP) AP - Brad Radke pitched seven solid innings, Corey Koskie drove in three runs and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in the regular season for...
China tries to shut down phone sex lines in anti-porn campaign (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SHANGHAI, China (AP) - China has ordered severe punishment for phone sex operators as part of a...
Dollar Stuck After CPI Fails to Inspire  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar idled on Wednesday after the  latest round of U.S. inflation data failed to substantially  alter the outlook for gradual...
Yukos, Iraq push oil higher NEW YORK -- Oil prices have moved to fresh record highs of almost \$47 a barrel on concerns about potential supply disruptions in Russia and Iraq.
US Stocks Gain for a Third Day, Led by Home Depot, Retailers Aug. 17 (Bloomberg) -- US stocks rose for a third straight day after an unexpected drop in consumer prices encouraged investors that the...
Australia #39;s Pacific Hydro FY04 Net A\$40.7M, Up 39 CANBERRA (Dow Jones)--Renewable energy generator Pacific Hydro Ltd. (PHY.AU) reported Wednesday a 39 jump in net profit, including a one-time...
Warehouse offers cut-price coffins A US discount warehouse chain known for piling  #39;em high, and selling  #39;em cheap, is offering cut-price coffins along with the buckets of sauce and tubs of...
RealNetworks Launches Music Download Price War RealNetworks is sending a real message to Apple, their largest competitor in the online music market. On Tuesday, RealNetworks announced that it was...
WinXP SP2 Home Edition To Be Available On Automatic Update Aug 18 Microsoft #39;s channel partners are getting set to put out fires when Windows XP Service Pack 2 becomes available to consumers over...
Sutton #39;s Ryder Cup selections are solid MILWAUKEE, Wis. -- Hal Sutton will get second-guessed, which is the main by-product of the captain of Ryder Cup teams having two at-large selections and...
Owners, players talk, but nothing resolved Five hours of talks Tuesday brought owners and players no closer to resolving labor disagreements that will lead to a lockout when the collective bargaining...
Padres release former all-stat Rod Beck, recall Freddy Guzman SAN DIEGO (AP) - The San Diego Padres released reliever Rod Beck on Tuesday and recalled centre fielder Freddy Guzman from triple-A...
Mariners Race Past Royals 16-3 (AP) AP - Ichiro Suzuki went 4-for-4 and drove in a career-high five runs, leading the Seattle Mariners to a 16-3 rout of the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night.
Twins Collect Rare Victory Over Yankees MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- Brad Radke pitched seven solid innings, Corey Koskie drove in three runs and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in the regular...
Colombian Government Won't Halt Offensive (AP) AP - Colombia's government on Tuesday shrugged off warnings from Marxist rebels that a massive offensive is endangering the lives of dozens of hostages,...
China Appeals to N. Korea for Nuke Talks (AP) AP - China appealed to North Korea on Tuesday to join working meetings before a new round of six-party talks on dismantling its nuclear program, despite...
Haiti court acquits rebel leader A court acquits ex-paramilitary leader Jodel Chamblain of murder in a trial criticised by human rights activists.
Intel backtracks on offering chips for projection TVs now In another product postpone-ment, semiconductor giant Intel Corp said it won #39;t be offering a chip for projection TVs by the end of this...
China tries to shut down phone sex lines in anti-porn campaign SHANGHAI, China (AP) - China has ordered severe punishment for phone sex operators as part of a sweeping crackdown on electronic...
Produce less beef and save water The Stockholm International Water Institute in Sweden claims it takes 15 cubic metres of water, or 15,000 litres, to produce one kilogram of grain-fed beef.
US Men Squander Lead, But Hold Off Thorpe to Win ATHENS, Aug. 17 -- Rarely has a huge lead disappeared so quickly. Largely unheralded US swimmer Klete Keller jumped in the pool for the final leg of...
Teixeira cycles his way to history ARLINGTON -- Rangers first baseman Mark Teixeira made history Tuesday at Ameriquest Field in Arlington against Cleveland when he became the second player in...
LaCassie, Price qualify for US Amateur Match Play Two of the three Australians who made the field for this week #39;s US Amateur Championship at the famed Winged Foot Golf Club in New York, have made...
Jordanian hostage freed in Iraq A Jordanian who disappeared in Iraq two weeks ago and was believed to have been kidnapped has been freed and is in the custody of Iraqi police, Foreign Ministry...
Fall Season Looks Solid for Retailers, but Holidays Could Be Another Story Against a background of lackluster retail sales in June and July, analysts and merchants still predict a decent, possibly...
So Google Is Almost Public. Now Comes the Hard Part. Google, whose initial stock offering was delayed by the S.E.C., must prove that its success is not an accident.
After Circulation Scandal, a Move to Build Trust Belo Corporation has set aside \$23 million to compensate advertisers for exaggerated circulation figures at The Dallas Morning News.
Nevada officials back e-vote systems for primary, general election Nevada election officials are confident that an electronic voting system being used in the Sept. 7 primary and the November election...
Motorola rolls out database management software Motorola is using the Application Data Management suite from OuterBay Technology to manage data growth in its Oracle e-business applications.
Warriors, Mavs Close on Five-Player Trade (AP) AP - The Warriors and Mavericks are close to completing a five-player trade that would bring forwards Eduardo Najera and Christian Laettner to Golden...
Must-See TV Lacks Must-Have Buzz Empty seats in Athens offer a bizarre television backdrop for the Olympics - one that cannot be avoided by NBC.
Manning Gets Early Go-Ahead to Start Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on Carolina.
Vazquez and Yankees Buckle Early Because Javier Vazquez fizzled while Brad Radke flourished, the Yankees sustained their first regular-season defeat by the Minnesota Twins since 2001.
Still No Movement in N.H.L. Labor Talks The N.H.L. and the players association moved no closer to a collective bargaining agreement during a five-hour meeting.
China Hints U.S. Must Return Guantanamo Separatists (Reuters) Reuters - Beijing has hinted that if the United\States releases any Guantanamo Bay detainees from its restive\Muslim far west Xinjiang...
China Hints U.S. Must Return Guantanamo Separatists  BEIJING (Reuters) - Beijing has hinted that if the United  States releases any Guantanamo Bay detainees from its restive  Muslim far west Xinjiang...
Architectural Benefactor J. Irwin Miller Dies J. Irwin Miller, 95, the industrialist and philanthropist who guided Cummins Engine Co. to international prominence and helped shape his home town of...
Delta May Offer Its Pilots Equity Stake to Get Cuts Delta Air Lines, in an effort to avoid filing for bankruptcy protection, is considering giving its pilots an equity stake in exchange for pay and...
The Ballad of Shaikh Ahmed THE guy exudes an aura of sure-fire confidence - the confidence that is based on his burning desire to excel. Shaikh Ahmed Mohammed Hasher Al Maktoum expects to be...
Eriksson urges more rest for top players SLALEY, England, Aug 17 (Reuters) - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has thrown down to gauntlet to the international soccer authorities to preserve the...
US, Jamaica wait to tip hands KINGSTON, Jamaica -- Twenty-four hours before the US National Team takes on the Jamaicans in their first CONCACAF World Cup qualifying semifinal round match, and the...
An irregular regular loss MINNEAPOLIS -- Considering how much the Yankees have dominated the Twins during the regular season in recent years, it was easy to assume Javier Vazquez picked the right...
Santos holds Cubs to one run for win Santos allowed just one run in 6 1-3 innings to win for the first time since beating Chicago on July 16, and the Brewers defeated the Cubs 3-1 Tuesday night.
Swimmers, gymnasts lift NBC #39;s early ratings Boosted by strong results from US gymnasts and swimmers, NBC #39;s ratings for the Athens Olympics #39; first four days have topped the disappointing...
Peace team urges Sadr to call off uprising: Militia positions pounded NAJAF, Aug 17: An Iraqi peace delegation urged Shia leader Moqtada Sadr on Tuesday to call off his uprising in Najaf, and on the...
China appeals to North Korea to go ahead with nuclear talks BEIJING (AP)  China appealed to North Korea on Tuesday to join working meetings before a new round of six-party talks on dismantling its...
Maoist Rebels Block Land Routes to Nepali Capital  KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Maoist rebels, fighting to topple  Nepal's constitutional monarchy, cut off all land routes to the  Himalayan kingdom's...
Michael Jackson in legal setback Michael Jackson's lawyers fail in their attempt to have evidence seized in a raid on his ranch thrown out.
Cox Forms Committee to Consider Buyout  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cox Communications Inc., the No. 4  U.S. cable television provider, said late on Tuesday  it formed  a committee of independent directors...
Mavs Acquire Dampier The Associated Press reports that the Warriors and Mavericks are close to completing a deal that would bring Eduardo Najera and Christian Laettner to Golden State and send Erick...
Teixeira Bats for Cycle Rangers first baseman Mark Teixeira hit for the cycle and drove in a career-high seven runs in a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night.
Analysis: Venezuela off oil market #39;s front burner LOS ANGELES, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- Oil futures reached a record high Tuesday as the market fretted over simmering potential pitfalls other than last...
Production, housing rise while consumer prices decline Washington - The nation #39;s factories cranked out more products in July, miners dug more minerals and builders broke ground on more homes, the...
Charley may cost insurers \$14bn Chicago - Insured losses from Hurricane Charley could be between \$10 billion (R66 billion) and \$14 billion, according to industry estimates released as insurers...
BJ #39;s will fight banks #39; \$16M claim BJ #39;s Wholesale Club Inc. is gearing up for legal battles with credit-card-issuing banks, which are demanding \$16 million to offset fraudulent credit...
Winning is Greek to US: Outlasts h ATHENS - Larry Brown found out some things about his team last night. Among them was that Allen Iverson apparently shoots better with a fractured right thumb than...
A Throwback to Olympia ATHENS -- Today, Olympians will be in the ancient stadium at Olympia for the shot put competition. Been there, but haven #39;t done that.
Agassi overcomes Goldstein in Washington opener NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Number-one seed Andre Agassi survived a surprisingly tough first set test before he eventually coasted to a 6-4 6-2 win...
A gold medal in the ratings Olympic laurels. NBC swept the Nielsen ratings medals, with its first three nights of coverage in Athens taking the top three prime-time spots last week (Aug. 9-15) in...
Warriors, Mavs close on five-player trade The Warriors and Mavericks are close to completing a five-player trade that would bring forwards Eduardo Najera and Christian Laettner to Golden State and...
Result knot all bad for US: Wins group after tie with Aussies ATHENS - Playing without suspended forward Abby Wambach, the US women #39;s soccer team battled to a mutually beneficial 1-1 draw with...
When it comes to Israel... At first glance it was just another prosaic headline.  quot; #39;Militants #39; prevent resumption of work in the seaports, quot; Haaretz said.
NL Wrap: Walker Grand Slam Helps Cards Beat Reds Again  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Larry Walker hit a grand slam home run  to key a six-run eighth inning as the Cardinals stayed hot with  a 7-2 win over...
Cave Linked to John the Baptist Found in Israel (Reuters) Reuters - A British archeologist has dug up\evidence linking John the Baptist to a cave used for bathing\rituals in hills near Jerusalem in...
Chasing the SUV vote SPORT UTILITY vehicles roared into stump speeches this month, flattening all common sense. At a speech last week introducing President Bush, Virginia #39;s Governor George Allen...
SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- The Cincinnati Reds continue to find new ways to lose to the St. Louis Cardinals.
Eight terror suspects charged in UK British police have charged eight terrorist suspects with conspiring to commit murder and use radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or explosives to cause ...
Five Palestinians dead in Israeli attempt to kill Hamas activist Israel #39;s air force launched an attack on a Gaza City building early Wednesday, killing at least five people, according to...
Army, in Shift, Will Pay Halliburton The Army reversed a decision to withhold payment on 15 percent of future payments to the Halliburton Company on its contracts in Iraq and Kuwait.
The Guy From Green Day Says He Has Your Mother on the Cellphone Ringtones have proved to be such a lucrative side business for cellular phone companies that record labels in the United States have...
ING to Withdraw \$5 Bln from Janus Funds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ING U.S. Financial Services said late  on Tuesday it will withdraw about \$5 billion from Janus Capital  Group Inc. funds by year-end.
Gas Price Drop Lowers CPI Moderate news on the inflation front and a Labor Department report showing that consumer prices actually fell in July gave comfort to investors who are worried about...
Costco Is Accused of Sex Bias n employee at the Costco Wholesale Corporation filed a national class-action lawsuit against the company yesterday, accusing it of discriminating against women in...
US Wants a Trustee Named to Oversee United #39;s Pensions ASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (AP) - A legal overseer will be appointed to represent participants in United Airlines #39; pension plans now that the...
RealNetworks drops music-download price BEIJING, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- With competition heating up in the online music business, the American digital media group, RealNetworks Inc. yesterday...
Cash for emails - script kiddies use spam to make their fortunes  Money the prime motivator as viruses and spam converge  63.5 of all email during the first six months of 2004 was spam  Over 1.5...
NL Wrap: Walker Grand Slam Helps Cards Beat Reds Again NEW YORK (Reuters) - Larry Walker hit a grand slam home run to key a six-run eighth inning as the Cardinals stayed hot with a 7-2 win over the...
Web page to help with installation of WIndows anti-hacker security patch Information Technology Systems and Services (ITSS) has created a Web page that will walk Microsoft Windows XP users on campus...
Oil Prices Hold Firm Near  #36;47 (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices held steady near  #36;47 on\Wednesday, a day after striking another record peak as U.S.\inflation stayed in check despite scorching...
Talking with ... Vijay Singh, PGA Tour Vijay Singh, 41, shot a final-round 76 but still won the PGA Championship on Sunday at Whistling Straits in Haven, Wis.
America pays big price for small mistakes She was shaking her hips, twirling her hands, letting that high-wattage smile shine and turning the arena into her own little disco.
Teixeira hits for the cycle ARLINGTON, Texas  Mark Teixeira became the second player in Rangers history  and first in more than 19 years  to hit for the cycle, leading Texas to a 16-4 rout of the...
SI.com KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- Ichiro Suzuki and the Seattle Mariners made their first appearance at Kauffman Stadium this season, much to the dismay of the Kansas City Royals .
British Soldier Killed in Iraq A British soldier has been killed and another injured after clashes with militia forces in the southern Iraqi city of Basra, said the British Army.
UN asks Myanmar to engage opposition parties, release Suu Kyi United Nations, Aug 18 - The United Nations has told the ruling military Junta in Myanmar that its process for transition to democracy...
China Sighs in Relief as Yao Scores High  BEIJING (Reuters) - China breathed a measured sigh of  relief after the skills of its basketball giant Yao Ming  dwarfed New Zealand to sweep his team nearer...
Giants Edge Expos J.T. Snow singled in the winning run in the ninth to lead the Giants to their sixth straight victory, 5-4, over the Expos on Tuesday night.
Wednesday's preview Day five of the Games will see 21 golds on offer with Kate Howey and Pippa Funnell aiming for medals.
UK terror suspects due in court Eight men charged with conspiracy to murder and plotting to use toxic materials or explosives are due in court.
ING to Withdraw \$5 Bln from Janus Funds NEW YORK (Reuters) - ING US Financial Services said late on Tuesday it will withdraw about \$5 billion from Janus Capital Group Inc. funds by year-end.
Applied shares flat on lower outlook SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Applied Materials beat Wall Street #39;s third-quarter financial estimates late Tuesday, but shares of the chip equipment company...
Investment firm Leucadia holds about 5 pct of MCI WASHINGTON, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Investment company Leucadia National Corp. (LUK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Tuesday it had bought a 4.96...
Nortel hints it won #39;t tell all Nortel Networks Corp., which plans to shed some light tomorrow morning on its financial performance for the first half of the year, hinted yesterday that those...
New bird species found in Philippines The bird, dubbed the  quot;Calayan Rail quot;, is the size of a small crow and has dark brown plumage and bright orange-red legs and beak, said Carl Oliveros,...
Plan for global observation would aid in forecasting of disasters WASHINGTON - What if scientists could forecast Texas floods a full year in advance? Or predict when and how air pollution from Asia...
Americans rebound to eke out win over Greece ATHENS, GREECE - The crowd danced and sang and chanted  quot;Hellas, Hellas, Hellas quot; and a taunting refrain of  quot;Puerto Rico quot; loud enough to...
Devers and Moore Called Up by USA Gail Devers and LaShaunte #39;a Moore will replace Torri Edwards, the USA #39;s suspended world champion, in the Olympic 100 and 200 metres races in Athens.
Mariners 16, Royals 3 KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- If Ichiro Suzuki keeps hitting at his second-half pace, Seattle Mariners manager Bob Melvin believes there may be a new addition for the dictionary.
Damon #39;s play top choice In the first inning last night at Fenway Park, Red Sox stats, schedule leadoff hitter Johnny Damon stats, news jump-started his team #39;s offense by hitting a home run to...
US women settle for tie The United States women #39;s soccer team needed only a tie yesterday and that #39;s all it got -- settling for a draw against a team it always had beaten.
MLB: Texas 16, Cleveland 4 Arlington, TX, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- Mark Teixeira had seven RBI Tuesday to help Scott Erickson earn his first win in over two years as Texas Rangers pounded the Cleveland...
Miscues Cost U.S. Women Gymnastics Gold (AP) AP - They're the kind of errors only judges see, little things that seem so inconsequential. But those mistakes added up, and they cost the U.S....
Iraqis aim to decide new assembly The Baghdad conference on Iraq's future goes into an unscheduled fourth day as a peace bid fails in  Najaf.
Inflation #39;s Summer Vacation? At first glance, July #39;s muted price data seems to undercut inflation fighters #39; rate-hike strategy. But the softness isn #39;t likely to stay ...
Season far from running course With the PGA Tour #39;s major championships concluded for 2004, we look for other story lines to sustain the golf season. The back nine: ...
Federer #39;s Olympics end unexpectedly early with two losses Roger Federer gathered his racket bag and trudged off the court, ignoring fans #39; autograph requests as he headed straight for the exit.
Iraqis aim to decide new assembly The national conference on Iraq #39;s future is going into an unscheduled fourth day as delegates hammer out the shape of the first post-war parliament.
More hospital tests for Latham OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham is undergoing further tests at Sydney #39;s St Vincent #39;s Hospital after being diagnosed with pancreatitis.
Saved from the saw, ancient Japanese forests now threatened by tourism (AFP) AFP - A generation ago, a battle was successfully waged on this rugged island to preserve what was left of its primeval...
Asian Shares Mixed as Oil Steady Near \$47  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - High oil prices kept Asian stock  markets in check on Wednesday as investors fretted over the  impact of energy costs on corporate...
'Afghanistan needs security help' UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan says Afghanistan needs help with security to ensure its presidential elections are successful.
Worker alleges sex bias An assistant manager at Costco Wholesale accused the company of discriminating against female workers by failing to promote as many as 650 women to high-paying management jobs.
AMP profits beat forecasts SYDNEY (Reuters) - Insurer and fund manager AMP has reported a better-than-expected profit for the first half on higher investment returns and improved margins after...
BHP Billiton doubles H2 net profit SYDNEY, (Reuters) - Aug 18, 2004 The world #39;s biggest mining group, BHP Billiton Ltd./Plc. said on Wednesday its second-half net profit more than doubled on...
Clinton #39;s story boosts Borders The Ann Arbor-based bookseller reported Tuesday an 88.9-percent boost in profits for the second quarter and said sales grew more than expected, driven by strong...
New species of flightless bird #39;s days may be numbered TWITCHERS should book their plane tickets as soon as possible. Wildlife experts yesterday claimed to have discovered a new species of bird in...
AOL releases Netscape 7.2  quot;Corporate execs are more comfortable with a known brand name. Even though Mozilla (and FF, Camino, K-Meleon, etc.) are based on the same code, they are not ...
palmOne announces SD wi-fi card for Tungsten T3 and Zire 72 palmOne, Inc. is at last bringing a SD wi-fi solution for a couple of its handheld models. To date, palmOne #39;s Wi-Fi option was the...
Olympics: Greek Sprinters Finally Get Chance to Put Case ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece #39;s top two sprinters should finally get to put their case on Wednesday in a drugs investigation that has shamed...
Two-Year Suspension of American Sprinter Is Affirmed The sprinter Torri Edwards of the United States was knocked out of the Olympics for good yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two-year...
Shot put: Birthplace of Games becomes field of play again Back when he was a shot putter at Dartmouth, he showed up for practice one day just as a freshman girl learning a new rotation let loose with...
Reds #39; bullpen struggles after lefty #39;s strong start The result, however, was all too familiar as the Reds fell to the Cardinals, 7-2, in the middle tilt of a three-game series at Busch Stadium...
Rumsfeld says US forces  quot;unlikely quot; to storm holy places in Najaf WASHINGTON : The United States pulled its punch in Iraq as Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld announced US forces arrayed in...
Asian Shares Mixed as Oil Steady Near  #36;47 (Reuters) Reuters - High oil prices kept Asian stock\markets in check on Wednesday as investors fretted over the\impact of energy costs on corporate...
Tokyo Edge: More Video Options Hard-drive video recorders support HDTV, while Blu-ray and HD-DVD wait in the wings. Plus: pricey headphones and cheap megapixels.
Google faces bumpy IPO road, analysts say NEW YORK -- Google Inc. faces serious headwinds as it prepares to launch its long-anticipated initial public offering despite a lacklustre equity market and...
US inflation falls for first time in 2004 US inflation fell by 0.1 per cent in July -- the first decline since late last year -- on a drop in gasoline prices, the US Department of Labour said...
Merrill survey of fund managers finds them more pessimistic, risk averse Global fund managers have become increasingly risk averse and significantly more pessimistic about corporate profits and the...
Staples posts 39 jump in second-quarter profit FRAMINGHAM, MASS. -- Riding strong sales across its office products portfolio, Staples Inc. yesterday reported a 39-per-cent jump in second-quarter...
Nortel probe one of Canada #39;s biggest In what will be one of Canada #39;s largest white-collar crime investigations, the RCMP will assign as many as two dozen officers and forensic accountants to...
Microsoft lifts the lid on SP2 SOFTWARE FIRM Microsoft has revealed how many fixes and updates are under the bonnet of its megapatch Windows XP Service Pack 2.
Hackers join dark side SECURITY EXPERTS MessageLabs say that there is evidence that virus writers are working hand in hand with spammers.
Lumber rises on Florida #39;s need to rebuild VANCOUVER -- An already buoyant lumber market is getting a psychological boost from the combined impact of hurricane Charley and reports of surprisingly...
Back in the swim: Peirsol, Coughlin give Americans much needed splash ATHENS - As the final leg of the men #39;s 4 x 200 freestyle relay began last night at the Olympic pool, the United States held a...
Two Georgians Killed in Breakaway Region TBILISI (Reuters) - At least two Georgian soldiers were killed and five wounded in artillery fire with separatists in the breakaway region of South Ossetia,...
Murdoch to face trial on Falconio murder Bradley John Murdoch was ordered to stand trial over the alleged murder of British backpacker Peter Falconio beside a remote Northern Territory highway three...
Banned Sprinter Chambers Trys Football (AP) AP - Dwain Chambers will be studying pass patterns and playbooks instead of competing against the world's top sprinters in the Olympics this weekend.
Uzbekistan Military Boost May Spark Unrest (AP) AP - Washington's plans to beef up its military base in Uzbekistan as part of a troop realignment abroad could whip up tensions between the...
Tokyo Edge: More Video Options (PC World) PC World - Hard-drive video recorders support HDTV, while Blu-ray and HD-DVD wait in the wings. Plus: pricey headphones and cheap megapixels.
U.S. Troops Training for Iraq in Israel -Paper (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. troops from Iraq are being\trained by the Israeli army in urban and guerrilla warfare\tactics at a military base in Israel, a...
Warring Afghan Factions Say Cease-fire Holding (Reuters) Reuters - A renegade Afghan militia commander and a\spokesman for the governor of the western province of Herat\said on Wednesday their forces...
U.S. Troops Training for Iraq in Israel -Paper  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - U.S. troops from Iraq are being  trained by the Israeli army in urban and guerrilla warfare  tactics at a military base in...
British Terror Suspects to Appear in Court  LONDON (Reuters) - Eight British terror suspects charged  with conspiracy to commit murder in a plot linked to security  alerts at financial targets in New...
Virtual 3D heart to treat babies Virtual reality techniques are helping Danish doctors diagnose heart defects in newborn babies.
Coxless four into final Britain's rowers cruise into Saturday's final of the men's coxless four at the Olympics.
Three Georgian soldiers killed in breakaway region clashes (AFP) AFP - Three Georgian soldiers have been killed and five wounded in clashes in Georgia's separatist region of South Ossetia, Rustavi 2...
Oil prices edge lower in Asian trading, still near record highs (AFP) AFP - Oil prices were slightly lower in Asian trading on easing concerns over supply disruptions but were still hovering near...
Iraq's Najaf Tense After Cleric Snubs Peace Envoys  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Fears of heavier fighting in Najaf  grew on Wednesday after an Iraqi peace delegation failed to  defuse a confrontation...
Between Faith and Medicine, How Clear a Line? How will South Africa accredit "traditional healers" as legally recognized physicians?
Cheaper gas lowers price index Falling gasoline prices in July helped push consumer prices lower for the first time in eight months, indicating that the recent surge in inflation is subsiding.
Why Hugo Chavez Won a Landslide Victory When the rule of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was reaffirmed in a landslide 58-42 percent victory on Sunday, the opposition who put the recall vote on the...
Costco faces sex discrimination suit An assistant manager at one of Costco #39;s Colorado warehouses filed a sex discrimination lawsuit against the Issaquah-based company yesterday, alleging that it...
BHP Billiton 2nd-Half Net Doubles on Commodity Prices (Update2) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest miner, more than doubled second-half profit as Chinese demand boosted...
Info on car safety off-limits to public The federal agency that oversees auto safety has decided -- based largely on arguments from automakers and their Washington, DC, lobbyists -- that reams of...
Music fans sound off RealNetworks Inc. urged digital-music lovers yesterday to stand up for their freedom of choice. They responded by exercising their freedom of speech -- much to the company #39;s...
China to crack down on telephone sex BEIJING (Reuters) - China #39;s communist leaders, in a fresh move to eradicate pornography, have targeted the telephone sex industry, ordering severe punishment...
More Video Options The Olympic Games in Athens are pushing many people to finally buy that plasma or LCD television that they #39;ve been dreaming about. Also, the time difference between Japan and...
Notebook: Sprinter Edwards #39; drug suspension upheld ATHENS  US sprinter Torri Edwards was knocked out of the Olympics for good yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two-year drug...
Finish tarnished by silver ATHENS, Greece -- It was death by a thousand cuts. If you can describe taking silver instead of gold as  quot;death. quot; ...
Roddick escapes, but not Federer ATHENS, Greece  Andy Roddick #39;s biggest obstacle to winning the gold medal was Roger Federer, the world #39;s No. 1 player and winner of two of the past three...
Torri finally out of Olympic Games ATHENS - US sprinter Torri Edwards was knocked out of the Olym- pics for good yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two-year drug suspension, rejecting...
Finley pays dividends in victory Their supposed new pitching staff ace is on the disabled list and their late-inning bullpen situation has the potential to be a mess, but those problems were easy to...
Agassi Opens With A Win In Washington No. 1 seed Andre Agassi overcame a sluggish start to the first set to eventually beat compatriot Paul Goldstein in straight sets at the Legg Mason Classic in...
British charge 8 tied to terror conspiracy LONDON -- The British police yesterday charged eight men with conspiracy to murder and violations of the Terrorism Act after finding that two of them...
Falconio suspect to stand trial An Australian court has ordered lorry driver Bradley John Murdoch to stand trial over the murder of British backpacker Peter Falconio, who has been missing for three...
Hundreds of Fleet layoffs expected Bank of America Corp. plans to lay off hundreds of tellers and other branch employees at Fleet banks today, asking them to leave the building immediately as part of...
Swipe hype: Debit the small stuff Dana Conneally walked into Starbucks at Faneuil Hall one recent morning in desperate need of a coffee fix. The employee at a local law firm handed his debit card to...
MetLife seen near sale of Hub invest unit MetLife Inc. is in late-stage negotiations to sell one of Boston's oldest investment firms, State Street Research  amp; Management Co., to another New York...
Lawsuits challenge unequal fund fees Fidelity Investments charges two-tenths of 1 percent to manage a \$484 million stock portfolio for the Massachusetts state pension fund. It charges investors in...
Nortel accounting faces probe Canadian officials are opening a criminal investigation into accounting at Nortel Networks Corp. Shares in the telecom equipment maker edged lower yesterday.
LoJack buys Canadian tracking company LoJack Corp., which makes devices for recovering stolen cars, agreed to buy Boomerang Tracking Inc. for about \$48 million to expand into Canada. LoJack will pay...
Brazilians attack money laundering Brazilian police arrested more than 60 people yesterday in a massive operation to crack down on money laundering, targeting currency changers who illegally transfer...
Europe 'must adapt on climate' Europe must find ways of adapting to a climate that may change drastically by mid-century, the European Environment Agency says.
Welcome change for Cabrera Let's say Boston is the sun of the baseball universe, where hope and criticism burn bright, where a city revolves around the game.
He gets some credit for this victory As hard as Pedro Martinez went in his previous outing, when he morphed into vintage Pedro and hurled nine shutout innings, the real toll came this week.
Giants make it six in row J.T. Snow singled in the winning run with one out in the ninth to lead the San Francisco Giants to their sixth straight victory, 5-4, over the visiting Montreal Expos last...
NL notables Larry Walker was 3 for 4 and is 10 for 27 (.370) with 11 RBIs since joining the Cardinals.
Youkilis, McCarty go on DL A season of extraordinary medical adversity posed yet another series of challenges yesterday for the Red Sox as Kevin Youkilis and David McCarty joined the likes of Trot...
Texas rides cycle Mark Teixeira became the second player in Rangers history -- and first in more than 19 years -- to hit for the cycle, leading host Texas to a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians last...
Stops and starts in the fast lane Michael Jennings was a track star at Florida State who also wanted to play football but wasn't confident enough to forgo a track scholarship and try the sport as a...
Old college try from Moreland Earthwind Moreland signed with the Patriots Aug. 5, but University of Massachusetts football fans may have heard of him before that. He was a starting cornerback for the...
LBs are built from ground up For Bill Belichick, it isn't a preference. In his mind, turning NCAA defensive ends into NFL linebackers is practically a necessity.
Knee injury benches Eagles' Kalu for season Philadelphia Eagles defensive end N.D. Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during yesterday's practice.
Jumbo dough for Joe Joe Thornton didn't make the score he was looking for yesterday, but the Bruins captain will earn \$6.75 million, the most of any player in the club's history, if the National...
Philo is in the know Normally, there are few sure things in golf, but here's something we can be certain of: The lads in today's final pairing at the 84th New England PGA Championship at Brae Burn...
Northern N.E. reaches peak With some late heroics, Northern New England knocked off undefeated North Shore, 3-2, in the championship game of the Hockey Night in Boston Summer Showcase at Merrimack...
China tells US not to send wrong signal to Uighur 'terrorists' (AFP) AFP - China has appealed to the United States not to send the "wrong signal" after Washington said a handful of detained Uighurs...
Pope Visit Leaves Lourdes with Hefty Deficit  PARIS (Reuters) - Pope John Paul's visit to Lourdes last  weekend left the Roman Catholic shrine with a 1.2 million euro  (\$1.47 million) deficit...
Haiti ex-rebel head cleared of murder PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- A jury yesterday acquitted a leader of a paramilitary group accused of killing thousands, after a 14-hour murder trial that angered...
Witness says suspect was close to hijackers HAMBURG -- A Moroccan being retried on charges he aided the Sept. 11 plotters was part of lead hijacker Mohamed Atta's inner circle and knew of the group's...
Venezuela's Chavez faces political gulfs CARACAS -- Fresh from victory and emboldened by a decisive mandate, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has the opportunity to extend an olive branch to a...
German leader adopts Russian child MOSCOW -- Thousands of Russian children are adopted by foreigners every year -- but few go to such high-profile homes as the leader of Germany.
Burundi, Rwanda threaten Congo invasion BUJUMBURA, Burundi -- Burundi and Rwanda threatened yesterday to send soldiers into neighboring Congo to hunt down Hutu extremists responsible for slaughtering...
No SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork (AP) AP - Google Inc.'s plans to move ahead with its initial public stock offering ran into a roadblock when the Securities and Exchange Commission didn't...
Pakistan Publishes 'Most-Wanted Terrorists' List (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistan published pictures of six\"most-wanted terrorists" on Wednesday and offered rewards for\information leading to the arrest...
MacGowan to play at jazz landmark Legendary singer Shane MacGowan is to play a mini-residency at London's famous Ronnie Scott's jazz club.
Insurers escape Hurricane Charley It #39;s hard to see the silver lining to the clouds over Florida at the moment. Soaking debris and destroyed homes, bereaved families and a rearranged landscape are...
Sex-bias suit filed against Costco A Costco Wholesale assistant manager sued the warehouse-club chain yesterday in federal court, alleging the company #39;s promotion policies keep women from seeking...
Funds turn negative on global profits LONDON (Reuters) - Fund managers #39; views on corporate profitability worldwide have turned sharply negative over the past month for the first time in three...
Australia #39;s Lend Lease Returns to Profit Property group Lend Lease Corp. on Wednesday announced a return to full-year profit and forecast earnings-per-share growth of more than 15 percent in the...
HP denies Itanium change cost it sales HP BOSS Ann Livermore said that the move to Itanium was not responsible for HP #39;s sales slump. Livermore, who managed to avoid an axe wielding Carly Fiorina...
Digital signatures  #39;could be forged #39; Encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematical functions embedded in common security applications have previously unknown weaknesses.
With this effort, they #39;re silver belles ATHENS -- How many gilded fairy tales do you want? There was the Magnificent 7 in Atlanta in 1996 and the Fantastic 5 in Anaheim last summer. Was anyone...
Canadian arrested for  #39;interrupting the Games #39; after diving into pool ATHENS (CP) - Olympic organizers increased security inside all sports venues Tuesday after a Canadian spectator climbed...
Say slams teammates #39; relay effort ATHENS -- The meltdown continues in the pool for Canada #39;s swimmers. Only this time, it #39;s talk and not just times that are creating heat. Rick Say, who...
White Sox #39;s Guillen hospitalized with what may be kidney stones Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was hospitalized last night and might have kidney stones. Guillen, serving the first game...
Last laugh Oh, those wacky Red Sox. Nothing like a little levity to take the edge off a playoff race. That #39;s why Terry Francona #39;s merry pranksters last night let Manny Ramirez lead the charge...
Agassi downs crowd favourite TOP seed Andre Agassi cruised into the next round of the ATP Legg Mason Tennis Classic in Washington with a 6-4 6-2 win over fellow American Paul Goldstein.
Sadr refuses to meet with peace delegation NAJAF, Iraq -- Radical Shi #39;ite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr refused yesterday to meet with a delegation of Iraqi political figures that had rushed here...
Five Palestinians killed Israeli attack that targeted Hamas activist in Gaza City JERUSALEM Israel set off a mysterious explosion in an olive grove near the house of a senior Hamas activist...
Warring Afghan Factions Say Cease-fire Holding HERAT (Reuters) - A renegade Afghan militia commander and a spokesman for the governor of the western province of Herat said on Wednesday their forces...
5 die as Hamas chief survives Israeli strike GAZA CITYA senior Hamas leader survived an Israeli assassination attempt early today but at least five other Palestinians were killed in the explosion...
Farewell to American friends President Bush #39;s plan to begin pulling most of the US troops out of Europe nearly fifteen years after the fall of the Berlin Wall has many Germans worried.
Nepalese Rebel Blockade Cuts Roads to Kathmandu, Reuters Says Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Road traffic to Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu, stopped as communist rebels began a blockade of the city to demand...
Squaddie Is Killed In Gun Battle A BRITISH soldier was killed and another seriously injured in clashes with Iraqi rebel gunmen in Basra yesterday.
Politician #39;s arrest stirs suspicions in Hong Kong BEIJING - The arrest of a Hong Kong pro-democracy candidate in mainland China on charges of soliciting a prostitute touched off a media furor in...
Greek Sprinters Withdraw from Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympic 200 meters champion Costas  Kenteris, the focus of an Olympic doping scandal, withdrew from  the Athens Games on Wednesday "out...
Dollar Mired Near Lows After Weak Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hovered near multi-week lows  on Wednesday as investors questioned whether the U.S. central  bank would raise interest rates next...
Google Cuts IPO Price Range  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on  Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited  initial public offering to between \$85 and \$95...
Update 1: Philippine Shares Close Lower Philippine shares finished lower Wednesday on selling triggered by a clutch of negative financial news and the steep fall of blue-chip Philippine Long Distance...
ING withdrawing from Janus Financial services firm ING has been identified as the company that plans to yank \$5 billion from the hands of Janus Capital Group.
Oakville plant #39;s fate is still up in the air Ford is celebrating its 100th anniversary in Canada today amid uncertainty over the future of the automaker #39;s Oakville assembly plant.
Benefits Seen in Earth Observation Data WASHINGTON Aug. 17, 2004  Scientists are planning to take the pulse of the planet and more in an effort to improve weather forecasts, predict energy needs...
Greek sprinter Kenteris quits Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympic 200 metres champion Costas Kenteris and his fellow Greek Olympic silver medallist Katerina Thanou say they are withdrawing from...
UAE joins Olympics gold medal winners UAE joins Olympics gold medal winners ABU DHABI, 18 Aug. 04 (WAM) -- A UAE paper said today that Sheikh Ahmed bin Hashar Al Maktoum #39;s winning of the gold...
Federer crashes out of Olympics World number one Roger Federer of Switzerland crashed out of the Olympic tennis tournament on Tuesday when he lost to unseeded Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic.
2 steps back in Texas ARLINGTON, Texas -- All of a sudden, the Indians #39; prolific offense has been reduced to shambles. And, remember phenom left-hander Cliff Lee, who won 10 games before the...
Southern Cal faces sex assault probe A member or members of the USC football team is being investigated for alleged sexual assault, the Los Angeles police department said last night.
Mechanic must stand trial for British backpacker #39;s murder A mechanic was ordered today to stand trial for the alleged murder of British backpacker Peter Falconio in the Australian Outback three...
Google Cuts IPO Price Range (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on\Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited\initial public offering to between  #36;85 and  #36;95...
Bank of America Plans Big Layoffs -Paper (Reuters) Reuters - Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N), plans\on Wednesday to lay off hundreds of tellers and other employees\at Fleet bank branches, and ask them...
Oil Prices Hold Near \$47 on Iraq Threat  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held steady near \$47 a barrel  on Wednesday a day after setting yet another record when the  United States, the world's...
Greek Sprinters Withdraw From Olympics (AP) AP - Top Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou withdrew Wednesday from the Athens Games, nearly a week after the duo missed a drug test and...
Teixeira Hits for Cycle in Rangers' Win (AP) AP - Mark Teixeira needed only a single to hit for the cycle, and his Texas Rangers teammates wanted to see him make some baseball history.
De Bruijn Leads the Way in 100 Freestyle Heats  ATHENS (Reuters) - Triple Sydney Olympic champion Inge de  Bruijn, who lost her 100 meters butterfly title on Sunday,  posted the fastest heat time as...
Mayo Likely to Miss Tour of Spain  MADRID (Reuters) - Leading Spanish cyclist Iban Mayo will  probably miss next month's Tour of Spain because of a suspected  viral infection, his team manager said...
China Detains Eight Roman Catholic Priests -Group  BEIJING (Reuters) - China has detained eight Roman Catholic  priests in northern Hebei province, continuing a crackdown on  those loyal to the Pope,...
No SEC Decision on Google IPO Paperwork SAN JOSE, Calif. - Google Inc.'s plans to move ahead with its initial public stock offering ran into a roadblock when the Securities and Exchange Commission...
Eight Terror Suspects Face British Charges LONDON - Two of the suspects allegedly had surveillance plans of the Prudential Building in Newark, N.J., mentioned in the Aug. 1 U.S...
BHP Announces Record Annual Profit Anglo-Australian mining giant BHP Billiton on Wednesday announced Australia #39;s biggest ever annual net profit, US\$3.51 billion (euros 2.84 billion), thanks to...
Nestle Profit Rises; Commodity Prices to Crimp Growth (Update4) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Nestle SA, the world #39;s largest food company, said first-half profit rose 2.1 percent, less than forecast, as...
CA acquires PestPatrol Over the past year, spyware has become an increasing problem. Every time that you visit a web site, you must run the gauntlet of a variety of pop-up adverts, any of which can...
Greek duo quit Olympics The two Greek sprinters who missed drug tests prior to the start of the Athens Olympics today withdrew from the games.
Keller leads relay upset of Aussies ATHENS - Klete Keller says he likes to run with the bulls. Talks a little bull, too. But he doesn #39;t kid around in the water.
Americans bounce back Athens -- Allen Iverson scored 17 points, even with the broken thumb on his shooting hand, as the United States rebounded from a shocking opening-game loss to beat Greece 77-71...
Just 16 centuries later, we return to Olympia You remember, of course, Armenian Prince Varazdates and the spectacle of his boxing triumph. And who can forget Zopyros of Athens, wrestling-boxing his...
Selig to get 3-year extension Major League Baseball #39;s owners will convene in Philadelphia today for two days of meetings that will culminate with a coronation of sorts.
Downer up-beat on North Korean nuclear talks Foreign Minister Alexander Downer has offered an up-beat assessment at the end of talks in Pyongyang about the North Korean nuclear crisis.
Australian opposition leader hospitalised with pancreatitis CANBERRA : Australian opposition leader Mark Latham is in hospital with an inflamed pancreas, his office said.
US sweeps away slide in volleyball The United States had lost nine straight Olympic matches, dating to the Atlanta Games in 1996. Clay Stanley made sure it didn't continue.
Olympics sport solid ratings Gyms worldwide were dark in anticipation of the Olympic gymnastics competition, NBC's Al Trautwig said this week in a dramatic introduction -- and then the cameras pulled...
Google Slashes IPO Price Range (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on\Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited\initial public offering to between  #36;85 and ...
Sprints More Fun Without Jones, Says Ferguson  ATHENS (Reuters) - With no clear-cut favorite, the women's  sprints at the Athens Olympics will be more exciting than they  were four years ago when...
Bomb found near Berlusconi villa Italy police defuse a  bomb  near Silvio Berlusconi's holiday villa, hours after a visit by the UK's Tony Blair.
Google Slashes IPO Price Range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the Web search engine, on Wednesday slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between \$85 and \$95...
Prices drop in July WASHINGTON  Con-sumer prices in July fell nationally by 0.1 percent and in the New York metro region by 0.2 percent as gasoline prices dropped, the US Labor Department said...
Bank of America Plans Big Layoffs -Paper NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , plans on Wednesday to lay off hundreds of tellers and other employees at Fleet...
Air France raises ticket prices PARIS (Reuters) - French flag carrier Air France is raising its ticket prices by up to 12 euros (8 pounds) per flight leg, joining a number of other airlines in...
Netscape Revamped With Mozilla 1.7 Netscape Communications has released Netscape 7.2, successor to the older version 7.1, which was released in mid-2003. The new release is based on version 1.7 of...
Two golds make Phelps #39; day Michael Phelps showed no signs of either yesterday, swimming to two gold medals in the span of an hour at the Athens Olympic Games.
Olympia oozes Games history OLYMPIA, GREECE -- Great players will walk upon a historic stage today at the Ancient Olympia Stadium.
US choose Devers to replace Edwards Gail Devers and LaShaunte #39;a Moore will replace banned world champion Torri Edwards in the Olympic 100 and 200 metres races.
Top players need more rest, says Eriksson WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has urged the international soccer authorities to preserve the health of the world...
Rae got what he deserved - Dadu The player kicked in the head by Alex Rae believes the five-match ban imposed on the Rangers midfielder was just.
Britain arrests 8 suspects linked to US terror alert Accused of conspiring to commit murder. Alleged Al-Qa #39;ida operative charged with possessing plans of US financial institutions ...
Israel #39;s Likud faces major vote after controversial settlement decision JERUSALEM : Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party votes on Sharon #39;s intention to bring the opposition...
Police defuse bomb after Blair #39;s visit Police have defused a bomb near the Sardinian holiday home of Silvio Berlusconi, the Italian prime minister, just hours after a visit by Tony Blair.
Girlfriend #39;s Family Welcome Backpacker Murder Trial The family of Joanne Lees today welcomed the announcement that a mechanic is to stand trial in Australia for the murder of British backpacker...
Euro Stocks Slip  LONDON (Reuters) - High oil prices weighed on investor  sentiment across financial markets on Wednesday as the price of  crude stuck stubbornly close to \$47 a barrel.
Arafat Says Palestinians Made 'Mistakes' (AP) AP - In a rare admission, Yasser Arafat suggested Wednesday that the Palestinian leadership has made "mistakes" and promised to correct them.
No New Closures of Japan Nuclear Reactors Needed (Reuters) Reuters - No more Japanese nuclear reactors need to\be closed for inspections, electric power companies said on\Wednesday after submitting...
Invasion alert in DR Congo town Security is stepped up in the border town of Bukavu after Rwanda and Burundi said they could send troops into Democratic Republic of Congo.
Blair's 'Freebie' Summer Holidays Irk Britons (Reuters) Reuters - Two continents. Three luxury mansions\courtesy of friends. Endless sun and sea. And a front-row seat\for the Olympics to boot.
Karzai Promises Afghans Security for Election  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai  promised Afghans greater security when they go to vote in the  country's first ever democratic...
Blair's 'Freebie' Summer Holidays Irk Britons  LONDON (Reuters) - Two continents. Three luxury mansions  courtesy of friends. Endless sun and sea. And a front-row seat  for the Olympics to boot.
Medical Experts Fear Charley's Aftermath PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Bill Nylander survived Hurricane Charley, but the storm still managed to hurt him days after it cut a swath of destruction through his...
BHP Billiton 2nd-Half Net Doubles on Commodity Prices (Update3) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest mining company, more than doubled second-half profit as Chinese demand...
Update 2: Philippine Shares Close Lower Philippine shares finished lower Wednesday on selling triggered by a clutch of negative financial news and the steep fall of blue-chip Philippine Long Distance...
Qualcomm drops licensing suit against TI LOS ANGELES (Reuters)  Qualcomm has dropped an \$18 million claim for monetary damages from rival Texas Instruments for publicly discussing terms of a...
Palm extends Wi-Fi range The PalmOne Wi-Fi SD card has finally arrived, but only for users with the most up to date models. The card is only compatible with two top of the range handsets, the Zire 72...
Heavy fighting erupts in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Heavy fighting has broken out between US troops and Shi #39;ite militiamen in the Iraqi city of Najaf after a peace delegation failed to broker...
Making Free IPods Pay Off The FreeiPods.com website looks as phony as a \$3 bill. In fact, it's at the forefront of performance-based marketing, as advertisers discover it's more effective to spend...
Explosion Hits Iraq Foreign Ministry (AP) AP - A large explosion hit central Baghad on Wednesday close to a convention center where a key national gathering of political, religious and civic leaders...
Maoist Rebels Block Land Routes to Nepali Capital  NAGDHUNGA, Nepal (Reuters) - Maoist rebels, fighting to  topple Nepal's constitutional monarchy, cut off all land routes  to the Himalayan kingdom's...
Google Slashes IPO Price Range  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the world's most popular  Web search engine, on Wednesday slashed the price range on its  eagerly awaited initial public offering...
Arafat Urges Palestinians to 'Correct Mistakes' (Reuters) Reuters - Palestinian President\Yasser Arafat, under pressure to enact anti-corruption reforms,\said on Wednesday that some officials had...
Two bombs discovered in Sardinia after Berlusconi-Blair meet (AFP) AFP - Police discovered two bombs near the Sardinian villa of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, just hours after he met his...
Global miner BHP Billiton posts record net profit as demand soars (AFP) AFP - Global mining giant BHP Billiton posted the biggest net profit in Australian corporate history as soaring commodities...
Arafat Urges Palestinians to 'Correct Mistakes'  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President  Yasser Arafat, under pressure to enact anti-corruption reforms,  said on Wednesday that some...
China Detains Eight Priests and a Living Buddha -Groups  BEIJING (Reuters) - China has detained eight Roman Catholic  priests in a crackdown on those loyal to the Pope and arrested  a "Living Buddha"...
Walker Slam Leads Cardinals Past Reds (AP) AP - Larry Walker has learned quickly that St. Louis Cardinals' fans know how to celebrate.
Fighting Rages in Najaf After Peace Bid Fails  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Heavy fighting broke out between  U.S. troops and Shi'ite militiamen in the Iraqi city of Najaf,  where Iraq's interim defense...
Crypto researchers abuzz over flaws ZDNet UK: Encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematical functions embedded in common security applications have previously unknown weaknesses.
UA #39;s Beard swims to silver in medley debut ATHENS - American swimmer Michael Phelps collected two more gold medals Tuesday, but even he knew he wasn #39;t the story of the day from the Summer...
Celebrating human spirit, in all its impurity What if the Olympic Games --started here 2,780 years ago, right in this fertile, ancient town in the western Peloponnesus some 200 miles from Athens --...
Security tightened after fan takes a plunge More security will be placed around the fields of play at the Olympics after a man who wanted to send  #39; #39;a loving message to his wife #39; #39;...
Labor determined to reopen children overboard inquiry Labor says there appears to have been pressure from the Prime Minister #39;s office on a public servant and it #39;s reaffirmed its determination...
4 killed, 2 missing as Typhoon Megi hits western Japan TOKYO, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Four people were killed and two others missing as Typhoon Megi hit west Japan #39;s Kagawa and Ehime prefectures...
Wall Street Set to Open Down (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. shares were expected to open lower\on Wednesday after crude oil pushed to a fresh high overnight,\while Web search engine Google Inc. dented...
U.S. Crude Sets New Record  #36;47 a Barrel (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil futures set a new record  #36;47.01\a barrel on Wednesday after a new threat against Iraq's oil\sector by rebel Shi'ite...
First Look at Microsoft Money 2005 This Web-savvy update syncs with MSN accounts, but you'll want to be aware of some functionality requirements and service limitations.
Google slashes IPO price range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google, the world #39;s most popular Web search engine, has slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between \$85...
Canada begins probe of Nortel #39;s accounting TORONTO -- Shares of Nortel Networks edged lower yesterday after Canadian officials said they were opening a criminal investigation into accounting...
PalmOne Wi-Fi card: a first look Want to add Wi-Fi connectivity to your PalmOne Tungsten T3 or Zire 72 handheld? Your wait is almost over.
Kenteris and Thanou Quit Games After an hour of interrogation by a three-man IOC disciplinary panel at the Hilton Hotel this morning, Kenteris emerged amid chaotic scenes to declare that in the...
Bomb found near Berlusconi villa Italian police today said they had defused a bomb near the Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s Sardinian holiday villa, only hours after a visit by the...
Burundi Urges Sanctions on Rebels Over Massacre DAR ES SALAAM (Reuters) - Burundi will urge regional leaders at a summit on Wednesday to impose sanctions against the rebel Hutu Forces for National...
Australian foreign minister ends  #39;productive #39; North Korea talks Australia #39;s foreign minister, Alexander Downer, has wrapped up talks in North Korea on the stand-off over the country #39;s...
Australian terrorist seeks deal to testify in foreign trials SYDNEY : Australia #39;s first convicted terrorist, who confessed to conspiring with Al-Qaeda to blow up the Israeli embassy in Canberra,...
Wall Street Set to Open Down  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. shares were expected to open lower  on Wednesday after crude oil pushed to a fresh high overnight,  while Web search engine Google Inc. dented...
Google reduces IPO price range; SEC approval awaited NEW YORK, August 18 (New Ratings)  Google Inc has reportedly reduced its expected IPO price range to \$85-\$95 per share, from the previously...
Crude Oil Prices Climb to Record Before US Inventory Report Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil prices rose to a record in New York before a government report that #39;s expected to show the third...
Phelps #39; gold rush ATHENS, Greece - The night before, Michael Phelps had stood by the pool with a strained smile and a bronze medal, his quest for Olympic immortality dashed, his million-dollar...
Games go eons back in time today ATHENS, Greece  The slogan for these Olympics is,  quot;Welcome Home. quot; But the Games really go home today, when the men #39;s and women #39;s shot put are held...
NHL: No progress in talks With less than a month remaining before the current collective bargaining agreement expires, representatives for the NHL and the Players #39; Association met for nearly 4...
Fighting Rages in Najaf After Peace Bid Fails NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Heavy fighting broke out between US troops and Shi #39;ite militiamen in the Iraqi city of Najaf, where Iraq #39;s interim...
Internet pharmacies get go-ahead The government gives the green-light to internet-only pharmacies in England.
Karzai urges neighbours to stop militants crossing borders (AFP) AFP - President Hamid Karzai has called on neighbouring countries to prevent militants crossing into Afghanistan through poorly...
Poll: Kerry Continues to Hold Edge in Pa. (AP) AP - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry is maintaining a slight lead over President Bush in the battleground state of Pennsylvania with crucial...
Najaf clashes as truce talks fail Fighting resumes in the Iraqi city of Najaf between US troops and Shia militias after an abortive peace bid.
N Korea food prices 'rocket' Changes in North Korea's economy have led to spiralling food prices many people cannot afford, the UN says.
Two die in South Ossetia fighting Clashes with separatists in the breakaway region of South Ossetia kill two Georgian soldiers.
Iraq Won't Send New Delegation to Najaf BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq's National Conference refused Wednesday to send a second delegation to the holy city of Najaf to negotiate an end to fighting between U.S....
A DIFFERENT SPIN (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - As surely as CDs followed vinyl, there was bound to be a successor to the DVD spinning around in research labs.
Sex spam clogs summer in-boxes Summer is associated with romance and spammers are trying to cash in by bombarding inboxes with porn.
US children 'abandoned in Africa' Texas authorities are investigating claims that a US mother left her seven adopted children in Nigeria and went to work in Iraq.
Pakistan issues \$1m al-Qaeda list Pakistan offers rewards totalling more than \$1m for the capture of six top al-Qaeda suspects.
Sex spam clogs summer in-boxes Summer is traditionally associated with romance and spammers are trying to cash in by bombarding inboxes with porn.
Update 14: Google Lowers Its IPO Price Range In a sign that Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering isn #39;t as popular as expected, the Internet search giant lowered its estimated price range to...
Oil hits new record on fresh Iraq threat LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices have surged to a new high of \$47 a barrel after a new threat by rebel militia against Iraqi oil facilities, and as the United...
Halliburton gets more time to justify bills to US Army NEW YORK, August 18 (New Ratings)  The Halliburton Company (HAL.NYS) has reportedly gained more time to justify its bills to the US Army,...
Swisscom Confirms Possible Merger Talks Telecommunications companies Swisscom AG and Telekom Austria AG are in talks over a possible merger, Swisscom said in a statement late Tuesday.
AOL releases Netscape browser update Version 7.2 is the first update since mid-2003. The new release is based on version 1.7 of Mozilla, the most recent version of the Mozilla internet application...
Attachmate Heightens Security, Centralises Management and Brings Microsoft Usability to Host Access with EXTRA! ... Specialist in productivity-enhancing host access, Attachmate, today announces the...
Save The Whales! Then What? AP DE BON DESIR, Quebec, Aug. 11 - A few miles from this spit along the pink granite coast of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, there is a sheltered cove that has witnessed the...
Sprinters #39; Withdrawals Lift Cloud Over Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece #39;s top two sprinters pulled out of the Olympics on Wednesday after inflicting six days of embarrassment on their country...
Shot put history in Olympia ANCIENT OLYMPIA (Reuters) - American Kristin Heaston launched the shot 16.41 metres to become the first woman to compete at Olympia in the first athletics meeting in the...
Bomb found near Berlusconi villa POLICE defused a bomb near Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia early today following a tip-off from a radical leftist group, shortly after...
Three Georgian servicemen killed in South Ossetia MOSCOW, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Three Georgian servicemen were killed while five others were wounded in overnight fighting in Georgia #39;s breakaway...
OPEC: 'Very Small' Impact from Surge  LONDON (Reuters) - OPEC producers have said they see little  impact on economic growth so far from oil's relentless price  surge, which Wednesday racked up yet...
Pakistan Mobile Phone Firms Vie for Pent-Up Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Tens of thousands of Pakistanis\endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept an offer of\free mobile phone connections, a...
Pakistan Mobile Phone Firms Vie for Pent-Up Demand  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Pakistanis  endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept an offer of  free mobile phone...
Huge waves erode British coast Waves over 20m high are getting bigger, more frequent and are eroding Britain's Atlantic coast, experts say.
Chinese Official Sentenced to Death (AP) AP - An official once in charge of guarding cultural relics has been sentenced to death in China's biggest antiquities theft case since the start of communist...
Iraq Won't Send New Delegation to Najaf Iraq's National Conference refused today to send a second delegation to negotiate an end to fighting between U.S. troops and loyalists of Shiite cleric Moktada...
Google Sharply Reduces IPO Share Price Google, Inc. significantly cut the expected share price for its initial public stock offering this morning, signaling lower-than-anticipated demand for the most...
Stocks Are Seen Off a Touch at Open US stocks are seen off a touch at the open Wednesday as the price of oil continues to plague investor sentiment.
Bank Of America Announced Layoffs BOSTON (AP) -- The layoffs are a result of Bank America #39;s merger with FleetBoston Financial Corporation.
Cassini finds two little Saturn moons The two newly spotted, faint moons are about 3 miles and 4 miles across, and roughly 200,000 kilometres from Saturn #39;s centre.
IBM #39;s New Midrange Server Allows Multiple OS Environments IBM #39;s new eServer allows users to run multiple OS environments at the same time to increase efficiency. Customers can purchase the...
Phelps Advances in 200-Meter Medley ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps, seeking his sixth medal of the Athens Olympics, advanced in the 200-meter individual medley Wednesday with a conservative swim.
Ump says Ozzie threw spitter According to White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen, umpire Hunter Wendelstedt filed a claim that said Guillen spat on him during an Aug. 9 argument, a big reason Guillen was...
Najaf truce offer rejected Militia fighters loyal to the radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr today continued to battle US soldiers in Najaf, hours after a delegation from Iraq #39;s national conference...
Bomb Found on Island Hours after Blair Visit Police defused a bomb near Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa in Sardinia early today shortly after Tony and Cherie Blair ended a visit to the...
Don #39;t use Pearl as electoral pawn, family tells politicians The family of the murdered journalist Daniel Pearl has appealed to American politicians not to use his name in their election campaigns.
Mortgage Applications Jump in Aug 13 Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\rose last week while refinancings surged, as 30-year mortgage\interest rates fell to their lowest...
Mortgage Applications Jump in Aug 13 Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose last week while refinancings surged, as 30-year mortgage  interest rates fell to their...
High oil prices not hurting German economy: Schroeder (AFP) AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said that the hike in oil prices was not currently hurting the eurozone's biggest economy but...
Rocket Slams Into Iraqi Market, Killing 5 (AP) AP - A rocket slammed into a busy market in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Wednesday, killing at least five civilians, a U.S. military spokeswoman...
Google Sharply Reduces IPO Share Price Google, Inc. significantly cut the expected share price this morning for its initial public stock offering, signaling lower-than-anticipated demand for the most...
E-passports to put new face on old documents Countries begin test programs--get ready for a facial scan the next time you take an overseas flight.
Eight to appear in London court on terror plot charges (AFP) AFP - Eight men arrested in anti-terrorist raids two weeks ago were set to appear in a high-security court in London on charges of...
Arafat admits 'mistakes' to MPs Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat makes a rare admission that "unacceptable mistakes" have been made under him.
Stocks Are Seen Off a Touch at Open NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen off a touch at the open Wednesday as the price of oil continues to plague investor sentiment...
Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority had made mistakes, but the rare admission appeared to be aimed more...
Google Slashes IPO Price Range NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc., the world #39;s most popular Web search engine, slashed the price of its share offering Wednesday, as what had been touted as the...
Nortel shares down on news of criminal probe News of an RCMP criminal investigation of Nortel Networks and its financial accounting practices sent the company #39;s shares down slightly on Tuesday.
Florida may be insurance bellwether The palm trees that narrowly missed Leo Berard #39;s pondside condominium in Naples, Fla., when they toppled Friday spared him from major repairs on his second...
Taxing bodies must approve lawsuit GALESBURG - Knox County State #39;s Attorney Paul Mangieri, discussing a lawsuit he plans to file against Maytag Corp., said Tuesday he was shocked when the company...
Spammers in bed with virus carriers The majority of viruses intercepted by MessageLabs since January have the potential for spam distribution, according to a report by the e-mail security firm. It...
Microsoft unveils mainframe integration tool Microsoft has unveiled Host Integration Server (HIS) 2004, claiming that the legacy integration application will lower the cost of integrating existing...
Sewage waters a tenth of world #39;s irrigated crops A tenth of the world #39;s irrigated crops - everything from lettuce and tomatoes to mangoes and coconuts - are watered by sewage. And much of...
Ford scraps Oracle-based purchasing system Car giant Ford is reportedly abandoning a \$200m web-based purchasing project because it can #39;t get the software to work properly.
Sprinters Withdraw from Olympics Amid Swirling Controversies Two of Greeks most adored athletes have pulled themselves out of their host country #39;s Olympics. Sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina...
Tarnished silver for US women ATHENS, Greece -- The American women #39;s gymnasts were in contention for the team gold medal Tuesday night, needing a big finish to beat the Romanians. Courtney...
Preview: England-Ukraine With 17 days to go before their World Cup qualifying campaign begins, England are back in action with plenty to prove after the disappointment of Euro 2004 elimination.
USA gets silver in kayak singles Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Rebecca Giddens captured the silver medal today in the Women #39;s K1 kayak singles competition at the Summer Olympics in...
Bomb defused after Blair #39;s Italy visit ROME (Reuters) - A bomb has been defused overnight near the Sardinian holiday villa of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi hours after a visit by Tony Blair,...
Downer upbeat after North Korea meetings MARK COLVIN: The Foreign Minister, Alexander Downer, has met North Korea #39;s Foreign Minister and the President of the Supreme Peoples #39; Assembly in...
Nepal #39;s Maoist Rebels Blockade Paralyzes Kathmandu Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu, has been paralyzed by Maoist rebels, who have imposed a virtual blockade of the city.
Pakistan Offers Bounties on Six Wanted Terror Suspects Pakistan has announced bounties and published photographs of six wanted terrorist suspects, including a senior al-Qaida operative accused of...
Home users get key Windows update Microsoft is making its important security update for Windows XP available on auto-update servers today.
BioVeris Still May Lose Its Investment  BioVeris Corp. stands to lose most or all of its \$41.2 million investment in a joint venture with its chief executive's son if he doesn't raise money to keep...
3 Georgian Soldiers Slain in South Ossetia (AP) AP - Three Georgian peacekeepers were killed in overnight shooting in South Ossetia, officials said Wednesday, while Russia scoffed at Georgia's appeal...
Slavery's Harsh History Is Portrayed in Promised Land At the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center in Cincinnati, slavery's evil becomes palpable; so does a sense of progressive enlightenment.
Brookstone Posts a Narrower Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Brookstone Inc. (BKST.O), a retailer\specializing in gadgets and personal electronics, on Wednesday\posted a narrower quarterly loss on strong...
Stocks to Watch on Wednesday, August 18  APPLIED MATERIALS INC. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMAT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMAT.O&lt;/A&gt;:
U.S. Men Qualify for Final in Shot Put (AP) AP - Two U.S. men advanced to the final of the shot put Wednesday, hoping to make even more history at the ancient site that gave birth to the Olympics...
Garda quiz two over African death Police in Ireland question two men arrested in Dublin in connection with the murder of the daughter of Malawi's chief justice.
Complaints follow Haiti acquittal The US and rights groups condemn the acquittal in Haiti of an ex-paramilitary leader accused of murder.
Unanimous vote to raise British interest rates: official minutes (AFP) AFP - The Bank of England's nine-member monetary policy committee voted unanimously to raise interest rates by 25 basis points...
Talbots Profit Meets Lowered Forecast (Reuters) Reuters - Clothing retailer Talbots Inc. (TLB.N)\on Wednesday posted a slight increase in quarterly profit,\meeting its lowered forecast, as it sold...
High oil costs hit more airlines Air France becomes the latest major airline to raise ticket prices in response to higher fuel costs.
Million more in broadband's reach BT is lifting distance limits on broadband enabled exchanges, so that 1m more can get high-speed net.
Google Lowers Price Range The search-engine giant, which was expected to go public as early as Wednesday, instead has slashed the deal #39;s expected price range and cut the number of shares being...
Pentagon flipflops, will pay Halliburton fully WASHINGTON - The US army said it had suspended its decision to partially withhold payments to Halliburton, the biggest US contractor in Iraq.
Report: Bank of America to lay off Fleet workers BOSTON A published report reveals that Bank of America plans to lay off hundreds of tellers and other branch employees at Fleet banks today.
Applied doubles revenue Applied Materials, the world #39;s largest manufacturer of chip-making tools, said on Tuesday that its third-quarter revenue doubled, leading to \$441 million in profit.
Sony Develops New Chip for More Real and Refined High Definition Video  quot;DRC quot; was developed in 1997 as a technology that changed a standard television signal format to a high-definition...
Athletes Return to Olympia Home After 1,611 Years (Update3) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympia, home of the Olympics for more than 12 centuries, hosted a track and field event for the first time in 1,611...
Dampier headed to Mavericks? Longtime Warriors center Erick Dampier could be on the verge of finding a new home, 2 1/2 months after becoming a free agent.
SI.com LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- Wilson Alvarez continues to pitch his best when the Los Angeles Dodgers need it most.
Rwanda, Burundi threaten with Congo invasion afrol News, 18 August - The governments of Rwanda and Burundi may again send troops into Congo Kinshasa (DRC) if Kinshasa does not finally take action...
Soldier Killed in Action Named A British soldier killed after clashes with militia forces in the southern Iraqi city of Basra was today named as Lance Corporal Paul David Trevor Thomas.
Seiyu posts first half net loss on slower sales, higher costs (AFP) AFP - Japanese supermarket chain Seiyu, controlled by US retail giant Wal-Mart, said it incurred a net loss in the first half to...
Dollar Fights to Keep Off August Lows  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar struggled to pull away from  August lows on Wednesday as investors wondered whether the  Federal Reserve would raise interest...
Japanese bank taps RFID for document security NEC Corp. has signed a contract with a Japanese bank for an RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) -based document management system, the company said...
Google drops target price, extends auction to Wednesday Google Inc. lowered the target price per share for its initial public offering (IPO) on Wednesday, and asked the U.S. Securities and Exchange...
Summer storms lash Europe, deaths in France (AFP) AFP - Freak storms packing howling winds and heavy rain that lashed Britain and France this week were set to continue after already causing...
Before-the-Bell: Taser Climbs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Taser International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O...
Google slashes target stock launch value (AFP) AFP - Internet research engine giant Google Incorporated slashed billions of dollars from the target launch valuation of its stock in a major upset for...
Singapore Suspends Some Poultry Imports (AP) AP - Singapore said Wednesday that it has suspended the import of all poultry and poultry products from neighboring Malaysia after avian influenza was...
Religion Experts Ask How Jesus Would Vote (AP) AP - Just a few miles from George W. Bush's former office at the state Capitol, a panel of religious experts weighed a question with relevance to many...
Oil tops \$47 a barrel Crude oil prices reached a record high of \$47.04 (US) a barrel in pre-market trading Wednesday in New York on lingering concerns about supply from Iraq and Russia.
Refinancings soar 21 as rates slump Demand for new home loans and refinancings jump as interest rates slide amid weak economic reports. NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for US home loans rose...
High oil costs hit more airlines Air France and KLM ticket prices are to rise after the carriers imposed further surcharges to counter high fuel costs.
Nestle Reports First Half Net Profit Nestle, the world #39;s biggest food and drink company, on Wednesday posted a first-half net profit of \$2.28 billion, up 0.02 percent on the year-earlier figure...
Georgia Power wins ruling on research study Georgia Power and Savannah Electric will not have to pay for new research into energy-efficiency programs, the state Public Service Commission ruled...
Home users get key Windows update From today home users will be able to get hold of Microsoft #39;s long-awaited update for Windows XP. The version of the SP2 security update for the Home Edition of...
This information has been provided by the State Statistics Committee The Cassini spacecraft has discovered two new moons at Saturn that may be the smallest bodies seen so far around the ringed...
Greek sprinters #39; withdrawals lift cloud over Games ATHENS, Greece -- Greece #39;s top two sprinters pulled out of the Olympics today after inflicting six days of embarrassment on their country...
Germany #39;s Schroeder confirms adopting Russian toddler German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder confirmed on Wednesday that he and his wife have adopted a child, reported to be a girl from a Russian...
Before-the-Bell: Taser Climbs (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Taser International Inc.\(TASR.O) rose before the bell on Wednesday after the company\said it had received five orders totaling more than ...
Dillard's Posts Narrower 2nd-Quarter Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Dillard's Inc. (DDS.N) on Wednesday\reported a narrower quarterly loss as the department store\operator cut costs.
Gartner revises PC market forecast, warns of downside (MacCentral) MacCentral - The PC market won't grow as fast in 2004 as originally predicted by Gartner Inc. analysts, as concerns about the...
Medical Experts Fear Charley's Aftermath PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - Until the electricity hums again and the debris is cleared, health officials are worried that there could be more deaths and injuries in...
8 Terror Suspects Appear in British Court LONDON - Eight men accused of plotting to commit murder and cause mayhem with radioactive materials, toxic gases, chemicals or explosives appeared in court...
Greek Sprinters Withdraw From Olympics ATHENS, Greece - Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou pulled out of the Athens Games on Wednesday, nearly a week after they missed a drug test...
Google Cuts Its IPO Price Range SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a sign that Google Inc.'s initial public offering will not be as hot or big as expected, the Internet search giant reduced the number of shares...
Google Slashes Price of Shares in Initial Public Offering Google cut the price of its share offering today as the new listing fell prey to worry about a slump in demand.
How Old is the Milky Way? Observations by an international team of astronomers with the UVES spectrometer on ESO's Very Large Telescope at the Paranal Observatory (Chile) have thrown new light on the...
Google Lowers IPO Price, Limits Shares Google Lowers IPO Price, Limits Shares\\Google's IPO wasn't as popular as expected, apparently not as many fish bit at the Dutch Auction bait.  Google will be...
American Swimmers Fired Up by Relay Win  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. swimming team was slow off the  blocks but is heading for home at full speed propelled by  Tuesday's dramatic relay victory, U.S....
U.S. Rowers Advance Americans Aquil Abdullah and Henry Nuzum row their double scull furiously down the stretch to cross the line in a dead heat with Norway on Wednesday, winning both teams a spot in...
Google Confounds European Investors (Reuters) Reuters - Web surfers from Beijing to Berkeley\have made Google their search engine of choice, but some of\Europe's institutional investors have gone...
Home users get Windows update Microsoft is making its important security update for Windows XP available on auto-update servers today.
Assam strike over rebel attacks A general strike called by students in the state to protest against rebel bombings brings life to a standstill.
Google Slashes the Size of Its IPO NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the size of its closely watched initial public offering nearly in half to less than \$2 billion on Wednesday, splashing...
Yukos sells gas stake YUKOS has sold a 56 per cent stake in a Siberian natural gas company to the Anglo-Russian joint venture TNK-BP to pay off its crushing tax bill, Western oil sources and media...
Futures point lower US stock futures pointed to a weaker start Wednesday as rising oil prices and a major price cut for Google Inc. #39;s highly anticipated initial public offering raised investors...
Airlines under pressure from soaring fuel price PARIS (Reuters) - Europe #39;s largest carrier Air France-KLM has joined rivals in raising its ticket prices to offset soaring jet fuel costs, but a...
Costco Tests Casket Market NEW YORK (Reuters) - From the cradle to the grave. You can buy baby food, groceries, computers, furniture and a whole host of things at Costco -- now you can even find...
Global miner BHP Billiton posts record net profit as demand soars SYDNEY : Global mining giant BHP Billiton posted the biggest net profit in Australian corporate history as soaring commodities prices...
Nestle Net Rises 2.1, Less Than Forecast, on Costs (Update6) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Nestle SA, the world #39;s largest food company, said first-half profit rose 2.1 percent, less than forecast, as...
China Mobile increases earnings 7.8 HONG KONG China Mobile (Hong Kong), the world #39;s largest cellphone operator by customers, said Wednesday that first-half profit rose 7.8 percent from a year...
Cassini-Huygens discovers two new Saturnian moons The Cassini-Huygens spacecraft, a joint project of the US space administration (NASA), the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Italian space agency...
Greek Sprinters Withdraw From Olympics ATHENS, Greece Aug. 18, 2004  Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou pulled out of the Athens Games on Wednesday, nearly a week after they missed a...
Can the peace in Najaf be achieved? Delegates to the Iraqi national conference in Baghdad are holding an unscheduled fourth day of talks.
Georgian, South Ossitian Forces Continue Fighting Officials in Georgia say at least two soldiers have been killed and five wounded in the latest battles with separatist fighters in the breakaway...
China battles for North Korea nuclear talks  quot;We believe the six parties have the willingness to continue to promote the procedure of peaceful talks, quot; China #39;s Foreign Ministry said. ...
Nepal rebels cut off routes to capital in first-ever blockade KATHMANDU : Maoist rebels cut off routes to Nepal #39;s capital Kathmandu in their first blockade of the city since they launched their...
Annan: Burmese Democracy Will Fail Without Participation By Opposition UN Secretary General Kofi Annan says the Burmese military government #39;s plan for democracy will fail without input from the...
Philippine Rebels Free Troops, Talks in Doubt PRESENTACION, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine communist rebels freed Wednesday two soldiers they had held as  quot;prisoners of war quot; for more...
Stocks Set to Open Lower as Oil Hits High  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks are set to open lower on  Wednesday after crude oil pushed to a fresh high overnight and  Google Inc. slashed its initial public...
Zoo Separates Baby Rhino from Clumsy Mother (Reuters) Reuters - Vets at a Berlin zoo have been forced to\separate a baby rhino from his mother for fear she may\accidentally trample him to death, zoo...
Hong Kong Politician's Detention Condemned (AP) AP - Human rights activists on Wednesday condemned the detention of a Hong Kong pro-democracy politician for allegedly having sex with a prostitute,...
Dillard's Loss Narrows But Off Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dillard's Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DDS.N...
Eurozone inflation rate falls in July BRUSSELS, August 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Eurozone annual inflation fell from 2.4 percent in June to 2.3 percent in July 2004, the Statistical Office of the European...
US Sighs with Relief But Basketball Concerns Linger ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States men #39;s basketball team could breathe a sigh of relief on Wednesday after its first win but lingering...
Zijlaard-van Moorsel wins women #39;s road individual time trial ATHENS, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Dutch legendary cyclist Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel won women #39;s road individual time trial at...
Najaf militants given hours to surrender or face lesson BAGHDAD, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Iraqi Defence Minister Hazem al-Shaalan on Wednesday demanded Shiite militants in the holy city of Najaf...
Burundi Summit Expected to Focus on Massacre African regional leaders gather Wednesday, in Tanzania for a summit on Burundi #39;s peace process, but the recent massacre of Congolese Tutsi in a UN...
Monsanto Says Justice Dept Closes Inquiry (Reuters) Reuters - Monsanto Co. (MON.N) on Wednesday said\the U.S. Justice Department has closed an inquiry into\potential antitrust issues regarding a key...
Brown Shoe Earnings Drop 32 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Brown Shoe Co. Inc. (BWS.N) on\Wednesday posted a 32 percent drop in quarterly earnings, hurt\by slack sales from its children's unit, Bass...
Brown Shoe Earnings Drop 32 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brown Shoe Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BWS.N...
SAP users warned of false support calls German business software vendor SAP AG issued a warning to customers not to provide confidential information on the phone to people claiming to be company...
Five killed in Kashmir violence Separatist militants kill four members of a Muslim family while police shoot dead a senior militant leader in Kashmir.
U.S. Men Qualify for Final in Shot Put ANCIENT OLYMPIA, Greece - Two U.S. men advanced to the final of the shot put Wednesday, hoping to make even more history at the ancient site that gave birth to...
Google Cuts Its IPO Price Range SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a sign that Google Inc.'s initial public offering will not be as hot or big as expected, the Internet search giant slashed its estimated...
Oil Prices Surge to a New High Today Oil prices surged to a new high above \$47 a barrel spurred by concern for the safety of oil facilities in Iraq.
Iraqis Decline to Send 2nd Peace Mission to Najaf The decision was made today after the rebel cleric Moktada al-Sadr refused to meet with its first peace team on Tuesday.
Google lowers price range, number of shares, for its IPO When Internet search engine company Google, Inc., of Mountain View, begins to sell shares to the general public -- something expected to...
China Mobile Reports Jump in Profits China #39;s largest cell phone service provider, China Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd., reported a 7.8 percent jump in first-half profits Wednesday as its number of...
Intel delays HDTV market debut Intel has delayed its planned entry into the widescreen high-definition television (HDTV) market until next year.
Script kiddies join forces with spammers The firm #39;s E-mail Security Intelligence report, which covers the first half of 2004, highlights the worrying trend of virus writers linking up with...
Microsoft readies Host Integration Server 2004 Microsoft has announced the imminent availability of Host Integration Server 2004 in a bid to compete with IBM #39;s WebSphere.
Cryptography break threatens digital signatures Researchers in the field of cryptography have been successfully breaking the hash functions that are used to secure the privacy of electronic...
Endurance swimmers short-changed at Olympics: Hackett Australia #39;s Olympic 1,500 metres champion Grant Hackett says long-distance swimmers are being robbed of their chance to shine at the Athens...
Oil at New Record  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to a new high above  \$47 a barrel on Wednesday on evidence from major economies that  energy costs are not substantially slowing the economic...
Radiation and Drug Combo Help With Prostate Cancer By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- Men with prostate cancer that doesn't appear to have spread have better survival chances when they get...
Medical Experts Fear Hurricane Charley's Aftermath By MIKE SCHNEIDER     PUNTA GORDA, Fla. (AP) -- Until the electricity hums again and the debris is cleared, health officials are worried that there...
Malaysia's Sea Turtles Are in Trouble (AP) AP - Several species of sea turtles in Malaysia could vanish in a few years, largely due to illegal poaching of the creatures and their eggs, scientists...
Future Flyers: Pushing Forward for Personal Aircraft (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Ask science fiction fans about the future and no doubt they'll tell you it's full of flying cars.
Twisted Physics: How Black Holes Spout Off (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Black holes are complex beasts. Among their mysterious traits are intense jets of matter that sometimes shoot out from the...
Kerry to Attack Bush Troop Withdrawal Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry on Wednesday\planned to attack President Bush's proposal to withdraw 70,000\American troops from Europe and Asia as...
Google Cuts IPO Price by a Quarter to \$85-\$95 a Share (Update7) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc., on the eve of pricing the second-biggest Internet initial public offering, slashed the value of...
Supply worries push oil to record Oil prices have continued their record-breaking run on Wednesday, busting through the \$47-mark amid concerns that demand will outstrip supply.
8/17/04 - Us Concerned About Yukos US officials have expressed concern about the fate of Yukos, the Russian oil company. Yukos shares have dropped sharply in value since the Russian government...
Dillard #39;s Posts Narrower 2Q Loss Dillard #39;s Inc. posted a narrower second-quarter loss Wednesday due to cost cutting, but missed Wall Street expectations by a whopping 15 cents per share.
Stocks Open Lower NEW YORK (Reuters) - US stocks fell at the open on Wednesday after crude oil pushed to a fresh high and Google Inc. slashed its initial public offering price, which appeared to...
E*Trade Says Customer Trading Dipped in July NEW YORK (Reuters) - E*Trade Financial Corp. (ET.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , a major online broker, on Wednesday said customer stock trading for the...
Brown Shoe Earnings Drop 32 Percent NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brown Shoe Co. Inc. (BWS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 32 percent drop in quarterly earnings, hurt by slack sales from...
Cendant Steals Home Cendant #39;s (NYSE: CD) got many revenue streams, and apparently they all lead home. So perhaps it #39;s understandable to see the multifaceted company pull back from the pending...
Malaysia turtle nesting sites at risk -scientists KIJAL, Malaysia, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Malaysia, once a major breeding ground, is in danger of losing its ocean-roaming leatherback turtles as humans...
American Swimmers Fired Up by Relay Win ATHENS (Reuters) - The US swimming team was slow off the blocks but is heading for home at full speed propelled by Tuesday #39;s dramatic relay victory, US...
Dope scandal athletes withdraw Greek Olympic 200 metre champion Costas Kenteris, the focus of an Olympic doping scandal, has withdrawn from the Athens Games  quot;out of a sense of responsibility...
Renewed focus ends nightmare ATHENS, Greece  It began with Allen Iverson  The Answer, the captain, the leader of Team USA  forgetting about the fractured bone in his right thumb and courageously...
Not quite good as gold THENS - The critical eye, firm hand and warm embrace of Bela Karolyi have molded women #39;s gymnastics for the past three decades, producing the perfection of Romania #39;s...
Burundi police fire tear gas at massacre protest BUJUMBURA, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Police in Burundi #39;s capital Bujumbura fired tear gas at crowds on Wednesday, protesting against the massacre of at...
BellSouth:  #36;3.3 Bln Rise in Benefit Costs (Reuters) Reuters - BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N) said on\Wednesday its new labor contract had triggered a  #36;3.3 billion\increase in its estimates of future...
Crude Oil Prices Surge Again Crude oil prices surged again Wednesday, rising above \$47 a barrel amid lingering concerns in supply from Iraq and Russia.
UK challenge of India outsourcing The High Street bank could be facing legal action over the transfer sensitive customer data overseas to call centres in India.
Google, Set for Offering, Cuts Share Price by About a Quarter Google cut its price range to between \$85 and \$95 a share, down from \$108 to \$135, valuing the company at as much as \$25.8 billion.
Windows XP Security Update Delayed Microsoft Corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies...
New PC Is Created Just for Teenagers This isn't your typical, humdrum, slate-colored computer. Not only is the PC known as the hip-e almost all white, but its screen and keyboard are framed in fuzzy...
Violence Tackled at Online Gaming Parlors Six days a week, teens crowd the Blue Screen Gaming cybercafe to hunt each other down with assault rifles inside virtual computer worlds. In these video game...
Web Site Shows New York Drug Prices New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, who has sued many big-name drug makers for bilking the government with their drug prices, on Tuesday unveiled a Web site...
U.S. Broadband Growth Slows - Analyst &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. telephone and cable companiessaw the growth of high-speed Internet services slow in thesecond quarter to...
Google Slashes Its IPO Price Range In a sign that Google Inc. (GOOG)'s initial public offering will not be as hot or big as expected, the Internet search giant slashed its estimated per-share price...
GB badminton duo make final Nathan Robertson and Gail Emms reach the final of the badminton mixed doubles.
Bomb Found in Town Near Berlusconi Villa (AP) AP - Police defused a bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime...
Just Keep It Peaceful, Protesters; New York Is Offering Discounts In a bid to keep protesters from disrupting the Republican National Convention, the Bloomberg administration is offering "peaceful...
Huge boost to Darfur aid effort The World Food Programme is starting to airlift almost 100 more tons of food a day to Sudan's troubled Darfur region.
Google, Set for Offering, Cuts Share Price by About a Quarter oogle today cut the estimated price range of its initial stock offering by about a quarter, to between \$85 and \$95 a share, valuing the...
BHP profit rises 78 on Chinese demand BHP Billiton on Wednesday reported its highest profit ever as it beefed up production to meet rising demand from China that bolstered prices for its copper,...
BellSouth: \$3.3 Bln Rise in Benefit Costs WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday its new labor contract had triggered a \$3.3 billion increase in...
Military flipflops, will pay Halliburton fully WASHINGTON - The Pentagon has hastily reversed a decision to partially withhold payments to Halliburton, the biggest US contractor in Iraq.
Dillard #39;s misses estimates, shares plunge NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Dillard #39;s Inc. (DDS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday reported a narrower quarterly loss even after it cut...
Barclays to Buy CIBC Credit Card Unit for \$293 Mln (Update1) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Barclays Plc, the UK #39;s third- biggest bank, agreed to buy Juniper Financial Corp. from Canadian Imperial Bank...
Applied Materials Applied Materials (AMAT: news, chart, profile) shares were off two cents to \$16.05 in trading before the bell Wednesday and had wavered around break-even in late trading Tuesday...
Nestle #39;s 1st Half Net Profit Hits \$2.28B Nestle, the world #39;s biggest food and drink company, on Wednesday posted a first-half net profit of 2.84 billion Swiss francs (\$2.28 billion), up...
Ringtones are music to record labels #39; ears Rock bands have long prospered by living - and selling - images of hard living and brash poses. But sex, drugs and rock  #39;n #39; roll are no longer...
Malaysia #39;s Sea Turtles Are in Trouble KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia - Several species of sea turtles in Malaysia could vanish in a few years, largely due to illegal poaching of the creatures and their...
Kenteris and Thanou Withdraw; Thorpe Targets 3rd Gold (Update2) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympic sprint medalists Kostas Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou withdrew from the Athens Games, overshadowing the...
LeBron, USA Slide By Greece ATHENS, Greece -- Things are clearly far from perfect for the US Olympic men #39;s basketball team. But now, perfection isn #39;t important. Victories are. Against anybody.
US women crush South Korea for third straight blowout win ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- Looking for answers to an offense that seemed out of synch, the United States finally found them.
Canadian tutu man gets five months for Olympic plunge A tutu-clad Canadian who jumped into the Olympic diving pool after a competition was convicted Wednesday of interrupting the games and sentenced...
Howard stands by overboard account PRIME Minister John Howard yesterday said his personal staff witnessed and backed his version of a sensitive phone call with former ministerial adviser Mike...
Weak Ice Cream Sales Melt Nestle's Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Higher raw material costs and lower ice\cream sales in Europe ate into Nestle's (NESN.VX) first-half\results, sending shares in the...
Weak Ice Cream Sales Melt Nestle's Profit  ZURICH (Reuters) - Higher raw material costs and lower ice  cream sales in Europe ate into Nestle's &lt;A...
ING to Withdraw \$5 Bln from Janus Funds  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ING U.S. Financial Services said it  will withdraw about \$5 billion from Janus Capital Group Inc.  funds by year-end.
Tech Goes for Gold in Athens The success of this year's Olympic games in Athens rides on the fruits of high-tech labor, no matter whether it's the security system, events results or studying...
Hilton Offers Reward for Lost Chihuahua LOS ANGELES - It's been a rough month for hotel heiress Paris Hilton. First, her Hollywood Hills home was burglarized and now her pet Chihuahua, Tinkerbell,...
Arafat Admits Palestinians Made Mistakes RAMALLAH, West Bank - Yasser Arafat acknowledged Wednesday that the Palestinian Authority has made "mistakes," but the rare admission appeared to be aimed...
Air Canada Stock Plunges on Review  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Shares of Air Canada  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AC.TO...
Pentagon Backs Off Halliburton The Pentagon backed off its threat to withold its monthly payment of about \$60 million a month from a Halliburton subsidiary, which provides services for troops.
Rival Targets Apple's iTunes Customers (AP) AP - For more than a year, Apple Computers Inc. enjoyed singular success selling songs exclusively to users of its iPod portable music player. Now, it's...
Air Canada Stock Plunges on Review (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Air Canada  (AC.TO) fell by\more than half on Wednesday, after the Toronto Stock Exchange\said it was reviewing the company's stock to...
U.S. Shooter Wins Gold American Kim Rhode rallied in the final rounds to win the gold medal in double trap Wednesday, staking a unique claim as the first and last winner of the Olympic event.
US says "getting nowhere" with crisis in Darfur (AFP) AFP - The international community is "getting nowhere" with the crisis in Sudan's troubled Darfur region, the US ambassador to the United...
Utah's Smith Sets Sights on Heisman Award (AP) AP - So much has changed in Alex Smith's life the past two years, he's still trying to sort through it all.
Economies Not Yet Dented by Oil Prices  LONDON (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers and Chancellor  Schroeder of Germany, which is a prominent consumer, agree that  the remorseless rise in the price of...
Stocks Up; Investors Bottom Fishing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were higher on Wednesday  as investors bought beaten-down shares, even as the price of  oil jumped to new 21-year record highs.
England reach for the painkillers as World Cup qualifiers loom (AFP) AFP - England's marketing men must have been tempted to approach the manufacturers of Alka Seltzer, the country's favourite...
Delegate: Al-Sadr Agrees to Withdraw (AP) AP - Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr has accepted a peace plan drafted by the Iraqi National Conference, which would include laying down arms and...
Shanghai's Economy Grows 14.7 Percent (AP) AP - Shanghai's economy grew at a blistering 14.7 percent in the first seven months of the year, seemingly defying efforts to cool off China's economy amid...
Web giant Google cuts IPO prices GOOGLE, the web search engine, has slashed the price range on its eagerly awaited initial public offering to between 47 and 52 per share from 59 to 74 per share.
Record \$4.7bn profit for BHP BHP Billiton #39;s record-breaking profit was driven by China #39;s seemingly insatiable demand for commodities. Picture:Bloomberg ...
Insurers #39; Storm Swirls Around Chubb As hurricanes go, Charley stirred up a lot of trouble. The storm will go down as one of the most destructive in history. But it also stirred up trouble on Wall...
Dillard #39;s Posts Narrower Loss in 2Q Dillard #39;s Inc. reported that its loss narrowed in the second quarter to nearly half of what it was a year ago, but it was still far more than Wall Street...
Cox Hires Advisers on Parent Bid The Cox Communications (COX:NYSE - news - research) board formed a special panel to consider a take-private bid from the company #39;s controlling shareholder.
Is Upgrading to Windows XP SP2 Worthwhile? Users of Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition are scheduled to begin receiving Service Pack 2 via automatic update starting today. But delivery of the...
Google cold shoulder confounds European investors LONDON (Reuters) - Web surfers from Beijing to Berkeley have made Google their search engine of choice, but some of Europe #39;s institutional...
A Nokia Smartphone With An Edge NEW YORK - It #39;s a little early to tell which camera phone features will resonate with US users in the long term. Americans may never embrace picture and video...
Microsoft wants Web designers to use content tagging Microsoft is urging Web designers to take more responsibility for content filtering, after forming a partnership with ICRA (the Internet Content...
US comes in second in women #39;s cycling The Dutch rider, who was injured in a crash in the women #39;s road race on Saturday and was unable to defend her Olympic title from Sydney, climbed...
Alonso Next in at Anfield Rafael Benitez #39;s Anfield revolution gathered pace today when the Liverpool manager unveiled one new signing and revealed he was close to completing a deal for another.
Let the Games (and parties!) begin ATHENS  As the delay-plagued build-up to the Olympics illustrated, the Greeks aren #39;t exactly known for organization and punctuality. But now that stadiums, new...
Wilkinson Ready To Take Next Step Along Road Back Jonny Wilkinson #39;s comeback schedule is set to intensify next week with the England World Cup hero targeting two games in six days.
Berry misses cut at US Amateur AMARONECK, NY - Following a opening round 73 Monday, Barden Berry had a rough day, shooting an 83 in the second round of the US Amateur Championships on the West course...
Bomb Found in Town Near Berlusconi Villa ROME -- Police defused a bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime...
Downer positive over North Korea talks TONY JONES: On a rare visit to North Korea, Australia #39;s Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said today he #39;s held productive talks on efforts to end the...
Hong Kong pro-Beijing politicians accuse opponents of misleading public over sex scandal Human rights activists on Wednesday condemned the detention of a Hong Kong pro-democracy politician for...
Iran retaliation threat to Israeli N-plant Iran will strike the Israeli reactor at Dimona if Israel attacks the Islamic republic #39;s nuclear facilities, a commander of the elite Revolutionary...
N. Ireland deal hinges on IRA disarmament (AFP) AFP - British and Irish Prime Ministers Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern were preparing to head to Belfast, hopeful of a breakthrough in the protracted...
Cisco Gets New Partner, Clients, Product in the Core Cisco forged a partnership with Fujitsu wherein the Japanese company will market Cisco #39;s CRS-1 core router to carriers and large enterprises...
Sportsview: Bills Get Playoff Hunger (AP) AP - Pat Williams is a big man with a big heart and appetite. So imagine his dilemma when the Buffalo Bills were back to their bumbling selves at the start...
Creating Compelling Search Engine Ads and Landing Pages Effective search engine advertising goes far beyond simply bidding on keywords.  With both ads and landing pages, you have scant seconds to...
Iraq Delegates Say Sadr Agrees to End Najaf Crisis  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi delegates to a conference  choosing a national assembly said Wednesday that radical  Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had...
Europe Urged to Continue China Arms Sales Ban Europes leaders were urged today to continue a ban on arms sales to China in protest against torture and human rights abuses. The call came on the eve of...
Militants, Israeli Troops Battle in Gaza A period of relative calm in the Gaza Strip was broken by a nearly hour-long battle between Palestinian militants and Israeli troops that left at least one...
THE UNITED NATIONS The Campaign against Kofi The secretary general of the United Nations fights a war on many fronts in his crusade to bring human rights and peace to the world.
Hamas Militants Kill Israeli Soldier Hamas militants broke three weeks of relative calm in Gaza on Tuesday, setting off a bomb in what they said was an elaborate scheme that included a tunnel and a...
US oil stockpiles drop NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - US stockpiles of crude oil fell by 1.3 million barrels last week, the government reported Wednesday, sending prices to another record high.
Barclays Move Towards US Credit Card Market Banking group Barclays today took the first steps towards establishing its Barclaycard operation in the United States credit card market.
Ford dumps \$200m Oracle system Ford has ditched Oracle #39;s online purchasing system eVEREST, because of flaws in the software. The car manufacturer has reportedly spent more than \$200m trying to...
Japan firm unveils world #39;s lightest flying micro-robot TOKYO, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Japan #39;s Seiko Epson Corp. said Wednesday it has developed a 12-gram flying micro-robot, the world #39;s...
China Unicom cuts ties with 45 ISPs to curb web porn  BEIJING, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- China Unicom announced Wednesday that it has severed ties with 45 Internet service providers (ISP) involved in...
Fighting Resumes In Al-Najaf After Peace Mission Fails 18 August 2004 -- There has been renewed fighting in the Iraqi city of Al-Najaf between US and Iraqi troops and Shi #39;a militiamen loyal to...
What #39;s behind Israeli construction permits? Timing of new building in West Bank linked to political survival instincts of Ariel Sharon. In a move that caught both the international community and...
Chirac and Schroeder to meet with Putin MOSCOW, Aug 18 (AFP) - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder and French President Jacques Chirac will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin at his Black Sea...
UN concerned by lack of Darfur progress on ground KHARTOUM, Aug 18 (Reuters) - The United Nations said on Wednesday it was very concerned by Sudan #39;s lack of practical progress in bringing...
Get them caught, get 6 crores Pakistan on Wednesday offered huge rewards totalling Rs 6.5 crore for information leading to the capture of six most wanted terrorists linked to al-Qaeda, including a...
Economies Not Yet Dented by Oil Prices (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC oil producers and Chancellor\Schroeder of Germany, which is a prominent consumer, agree that\the remorseless rise in the price of crude...
SEC Bars Some Mutual Fund Fees (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission barred U.S. mutual funds on Wednesday from\channeling brokerage commissions toward Wall Street firms...
Google Slashes IPO's Size  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the size of its  closely watched initial public offering nearly in half to less  than \$2 billion on Wednesday, splashing cold...
SEC Bars Some Mutual Fund Fees  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission barred U.S. mutual funds on Wednesday from  channeling brokerage commissions toward Wall Street...
Stocks Open Lower in Moderate Trading Stock prices are lower in moderate trading. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 23 points in today #39;s early going. Losing issues on the New York Stock...
BellSouth Sees Higher Benefits Expense ATLANTA (AP)--Telecommunications firm BellSouth Corp. said Wednesday that the new terms of its tentative labor agreement will change how the company #39;s...
McDonald #39;s tests MasterCard PayPass NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - McDonald #39;s Corp. announced Wednesday it would launch later this year a new  quot;contactless quot; payment option called MasterCard...
Chinese boom pays off for BHP BHP Billiton has delivered the biggest profit ever achieved by an Australian company - a \$US3.38billion (\$4.73billion) whopper, up 78 per cent on last year.
Real v Apple music war: iPod freedom petition backfires Hostilities started in late July, when Real cracked Apple #39;s FairPlay code, meaning songs bought from the RealPlayer Music Store could be...
Security Watch Letter:New MyDoom Piggybacks More Dangerous Worm On Wednesday August 25, Microsoft is rolling out the Windows XP Service Pack 2 to the new Windows Update site so the public can update...
IBM Offers New POWER5 eServer i5 550 IBM has unveiled today a new POWER5 system, the eServer i5 550, aimed at mid-sized businesses. The eServer i5 550 features a new Solution Edition, an offering now...
Marriage between security, business needs KUALA LUMPUR: Computer Associates International Inc (www.ca.com) has announced a new technology model that aligns security management with business needs.
Life of Reilly: Athens style Forget democracy, sport and Grecian Formula 16. There #39;s so much more we need to steal from the Greeks -- immediately and maybe sooner. Cheese pies, for instance. Our...
Springboks targets scrum THE South Africans have called the Wallabies scrum cheats as a fresh round of verbal warfare opened in the Republic last night.
Dyer up for sale on ebay The 23-year-old midfielder has been all over the back pages this week, following a reported bust-up with Sir Bobby Robson - and one supporter had has enough.
Chicago White Sox Team Report - August 18 (Sports Network) - Jose Contreras tries to stay perfect in a Chicago uniform this evening when the White Sox continue their three-game set against the...
Iraqi Delegates Say Sadr Agrees to End Najaf Crisis BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said Wednesday that radical Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had...
Howard defiant as attacks mount PRIME Minister John Howard conceded yesterday a fresh inquiry into the children overboard saga would find he had lied.
6 dead in typhoon deluge At least six people died in Shikoku after heavy rains from Typhoon Megi pounded the western Japan island on Tuesday and Wednesday, officials said.
Health hurdle for Latham #39;s campaign MARK Latham #39;s campaign to become prime minister has suffered an unexpected setback after the Labor leader was rushed to hospital suffering stomach cramps,...
AT amp;T team wins \$1bn network deal AT amp;T, the US telecoms group, and a team of subcontractors have won a contract valued at up to \$1bn to design, build and manage a secure IP-based global...
Profit Takers Ambush Treasuries  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries turned tail on  Wednesday as recent hefty gains attracted a wave of  profit-taking in an otherwise featureless market.
Steel boom boosts Iscor's profits Shares in Africa's biggest steel producer surge to a record high on the back of strong interim profits
Boy Escapes Cougar Near Canada's Jasper Park (Reuters) Reuters - Canadian wildlife\officials warned visitors to Jasper National Park on Tuesday to\be on the alert for cougars after one the animals...
Tiffany  amp; Co. selling stake in Aber Diamond TORONTO - Aber Diamond Corp. said Tuesday that world-renowned retailer Tiffany  amp; Co. has sold its 8 million shares of Aber, and the companies have...
Intel Says It's Recovered from Missteps (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  will  miss\its 2004 product cost reduction targets because of a widely\publicized string of product delays and problems, but...
Illini Hope To Reinvigorate Football Program With Zook _ Illinois confirmed Tuesday it is turning to Ron Zook to reinvigorate its struggling football program. The school scheduled an afternoon news...
Zeeland #39;s Kaat to be considered for Hall The Zeeland native made the final ballot of 25 players to be considered by the Veterans Committee. The results will be announced March 2. Kaat, who could...
Athletes cheat way to fame and fortune Dozens, perhaps hundreds, of major league baseball players have taken steroids in the last few years. Yet no player has ever been suspended for steroid use.
Cisco-Fujitsu Deal Highlights Japan #39;s Internet Dominance Cisco, the largest maker of computer-networking equipment, formed an alliance with Fujitsu to increase sales to Japanese telephone...
Citigroup faces regulatory probe The UK's Financial Services Authority launches a formal investigation into Citigroup's "unusual trading activity".
eCOST.com Cuts IPO Price to  #36;7 a Share from  #36;9- #36;11 (Reuters) Reuters - Online discount retailer eCOST.com\said on Wednesday that it expects its planned initial public\offering will price...
OPEC Hawks Want to Keep Prices High Raise prices. Ease production. For weeks ahead of this week #39;s OPEC meeting, hawks in the organization have been talking tough about the need to keep oil...
Google Slashes IPO #39;s Size NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the size of its closely watched initial public offering nearly in half to less than \$2 billion on Wednesday, splashing cold...
Update 3: Russia: China to Cover Yukos #39; Rail Fees China has agreed to step in and pay Russian rail fees to ensure that it continues to receive Yukos oil if the company is unable to cover the...
Iraqi official: cleric agrees to withdraw forces from Najaf shrine BAGHDAD, Iraq (AP) -- A delegate at Iraq #39;s National Conference in Baghdad says a militant Shiite cleric has agreed to disarm and...
SEC Seen Making Google IPO Effective  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is expected to declare the initial public offering  registration of Google Inc. &lt;A...
Stocks Gain as Oil Ease from New High  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were higher on  Wednesday  as investors bought beaten-down shares and oil prices eased  from the new 21-year record high hit...
Deere's Color Is Green With big tractors, big sales, and big earnings, Deere's hoeing a profitable row.
Linux wins heart of global SAP user Switzerland's EndressHauser (International) Holding AG, a global supplier of process control systems, has migrated all its business applications from SAP AG to a...
Compuware Accuses IBM of Ambush Tactics (AP) AP - Compuware Corp. is accusing IBM of attempting to "sandbag" it with new evidence just three months before the software company's piracy claim against...
PA minister: Barghouti will drop candidancy Palestinian Authority Minister of State Kadoura Fares said on Tuesday that jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti may abandon his plan to run in the January...
SEC Seen Making Google IPO Effective  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is expected to declare the initial public offering  registration of Google Inc. &lt;A...
Cheney, Rumsfeld Say Terror Remains Threat Two of the Bush administration #39;s chief architects of the war on terror offered words of caution along with congratulations on Tuesday, a historic day...
SEC Seen Making Google IPO Effective WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to declare the initial public offering registration of Google Inc. (GOOG.OQ: Quote,...
Download a Song for 49 Cents Real is in a running battle with Apple, whose iTunes download store dominates with about 70 percent of legal downloading and whose iPod device for music storage is hugely...
RCMP initiates Nortel investigation The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) have launched a criminal investigation into the financial accounting practices of network gear maker Nortel Networks Corp....
Profit climbs at Talbots womenswear chain, helped by tax gain HINGHAM, Mass. (AP) - Talbots Inc. said Wednesday its profit for the latest quarter edged up five per cent, boosted by higher sales and...
Citigroup Bond Trading Investigated by UK Regulator (Update1) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s biggest bank, is being investigated by the UK market regulator over unusual...
Fund managers raise cash-asset level, says survey WASHINGTON, August 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Fund managers this month boosted the proportion of assets held in cash to the highest level since March 2003...
Court approves St. Paul \$502.5 mln asbestos accord NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Insurer St. Paul Travelers Companies (STA.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said a bankruptcy court approved a...
Epson builds lightest, smallest micro-flying robot EPSON HAS ANNOUNCED that it has developed a successor to the FR  the world #39;s smallest and lightest micro-flying robot. The FR-II uses...
Norton #39;s 2005 security line-up Norton AntiVirus 2005 #39;s claim to fame is that its Worm Protection feature borrows from firewall technology to block inbound ports so that you can protect...
Samsung streams on Sprint with MM-A700 Samsung #39;s latest phone offers streaming video and audio, including from major old media companies, along with a megapixel camera.
Greek heroes quit Games ATHENS All of Greece expected to see Costas Kenteris crowning its Games with a laurel wreath on his brow, his barrel chest swelling in his blue and white athletic singlet,...
Germany Paddles to Bronze The men #39;s single slalom canoe race ended with balled fists and shouts of joy for Stefan Pfannmller. But for Germany #39;s women, there was nothing to celebrate.
Dutch cyclist #39;s fairytale comeback Vouliagmeni, Greece - Watch Leontien Zijlaard-Van Moorsel, think Hermann Maier. Awful crash, unlikely fightback, gold within days. Instant Olympic lore.
Hamilton takes gold in time trial ATHENS, Greece - The United States took gold and bronze in the men #39;s Olympic cycling individual time trial on Wednesday with Tyler Hamilton topping the podium...
Sadr agrees to accept Iraq peace mission demands BAGHDAD : Shiite militia leader Moqtada Sadr has agreed to disarm and quit a holy shrine in Najaf as demanded by Iraq #39;s key national conference,...
UK Terrorist Suspects Have Case Sent to Old Bailey (Update2) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- The case against eight men charged with conspiracy to commit murder and carry out terrorist attacks was referred to...
US ; Japanese-born teen youngest US chess champ since Bobby &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US News, NEW YORK - A teenager from New York state, who just became the youngest US national chess champion since...
Pacers #39; Foster activated from injured list Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster was activated from the injured list Tuesday. He had missed the first 17 games of...
Report: Tougher testing on the way for MLB NEW YORK (Ticker) - With the dark cloud of steroids continuing to hover over baseball, it appears a tougher drug-testing policy may be in effect by spring...
Preview of SQL Server 2005 Released December 7, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- According to a report by internetnews.com, Microsoft (microsoft.com) has released the second community technology...
BusinessWeek Special Report Examines Apple #39;s iPod Lead BusinessWeek has published a special report that asks  quot;Could Apple Blow Its iPod Lead? quot; That title is more sensational than the...
Microsoft nears release of 64-bit Windows Microsoft said Tuesday that it has released a near-final test version of updates to its Windows and Windows Server operating systems.
IBM Nabs \$750M Deal with Lloyds TSB Lloyds TSB has tapped IBM as the key provider for its massive new VoIP infrastructure project. The new project will make Lloyds TSB the owners of one of the...
Students Win \$100,000 in National Team Science Competition Lucie Guo, motivated by the death of her grandfather in China before she was born, spent two summers doing research in a Duke University...
Experts Push for More Computer Security Efforts Computer-security experts, including former government officials, urged the Bush administration on Tuesday to devote more effort to strengthening...
Group Enlists Honey Pots to Track IM, P2P Threats IMlogic Inc. on Tuesday announced plans to use honey pots to track malicious virus activity on instant messaging and peer-to-peer networks.
Cisco, Juniper Making Noise in High-End Routing Space Dueling Cisco Systems Inc. and Juniper Networks Inc. are both jockeying for the spotlight on the high end of the routing market with...
SEC Seen to OK Google IPO After 4 P.M.  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission is expected to declare the initial public offering  registration of Google Inc. &lt;A...
BellSouth: Retiree Costs to Cut Q4 Earns  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BLS.N...
GAO: Homeland Security #39;s Enterprise Architecture Lacks Key Elements In a report, it says the agency #39;s first try at building an enterprise architecture offers a partial foundation, but is...
Compuware Asks Court To Sanction IBM In Software Theft Case DETROIT - Compuware Corp. said on Wednesday it has asked a US court in its software piracy case against IBM to levy sanctions on IBM for...
US Men Take Gold and Bronze in Cycling Time Trial ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States proved there is more to their cycling team than Lance Armstrong by taking gold and bronze in the men #39;s...
Iraqi Cleric Agrees Deal to End Siege at Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - The leader of a Shi #39;ite uprising in Iraq agreed Wednesday to leave a holy shrine encircled by US marines, hours after the...
Burundi police fire tear gas at massacre protest Police in Burundi #39;s capital Bujumbura fired tear gas at crowds today, protesting against the massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsis at a UN...
Google Slashes IPO, SEC OK Expected Today  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the size of its  closely watched initial public offering nearly in half to less  than \$2 billion on Wednesday,...
HP decries Itanium, SAP issues and bad English &lt;strong&gt;HP World&lt;/strong&gt; Execs try to respond
French watchdog fines Messier 1m Frances AMF market watchdog slapped a one million euro fine on Jean-Marie Messier, the disgraced former chairman of Vivendi Universal , on Tuesday following...
Toyota tunes in satellite radio Auto maker Toyota on Tuesday entered into separate deals with rival satellite radio service providers Sirius and XM. Under its agreement with Sirius, Toyota will offer...
Sprint begins \$3 billion march to 3G Sprint, the fourth-largest US cell phone operator, has started a \$3 billion network upgrade, with \$1 billion earmarked for a wireless broadband service to...
Europe troubled by euro rise European officials issued their harshest condemnation yet of the euro #39;s recent surge, in a joint statement after a monthly meeting yesterday.
Oil Falls to 3-Month Low as Heating-Oil Supplies Probably Rose Crude oil fell to a three-month low on speculation that warm weather and increased refinery production have bolstered US heating-oil...
AOL Cuts 750 Jobs America Online Inc., the nation's biggest Internet service, today began cutting 750 jobs, more than half at the firm's Northern Virginia headquarters, company officials said....
U.S. to Import 4 Million Flu Shot Doses  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. health officials, taking  another step to ease the season's flu shot shortage, approved  the importation of up to 4 million flu...
Intel Says It's Recovered from Missteps  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O...
Tyson to Begin Training Mike Tyson is beginning to train for a fight in March, his first since being knocked out by Danny Williams in July.
Putin questions Iraqi poll plan Russian leader Vladimir Putin voices doubts over plans to hold elections in Iraq next month.
Mortgage Applications Rise as Rates Ease  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  rose last week while refinancings surged, as 30-year mortgage  interest rates fell to their lowest...
Staples Goes to China? The company impresses the Street with strong earnings, an optimistic outlook, and a toehold abroad.
Crazy 'Bout a Sharp Dressed K If you're going to spend a lot producing a slick annual report, go all in.
Report: Palestinians, Israel Back Peace Plan  CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinians and Israelis have agreed in  principle to proposals aiming to end their conflict, Egypt's  official news agency MENA said...
Storm-ravaged peasants flee as Philippines runs out of money for relief (AFP) AFP - Stunned residents picked their way through a wasteland of mud and rubble to leave storm-ravaged areas of the...
Sudanese Hopeful of New Year Peace Deal Mohamed Yousif, Sudans minister of humanitarian affairs, dismissed widespread assertions of government involvement in a vicious militia campaign against...
After all, have we become Russias strategic partner? TDN- Russian Federation President Vladimir Putin was in Ankara on Monday for a state visit unmatched in the history of relations between the...
Charley #39;s insured losses seen hitting \$7.4 billion NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Insurance payments to victims of Hurricane Charley are expected to reach \$7.4 billion, making it the second most...
US mortgage applications rise as rates ease NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - New applications for US home loans rose last week while refinancings surged, as 30-year mortgage interest rates fell to their...
Aurora Woman Sues Costco Over Discrimination Claims SAN FRANCISCO -- A Colorado assistant store manager at Costco has filed a federal lawsuit, alleging she was passed over for a promotion because she...
Researcher Finds Flaws in XP SP2 German research firm Heise Security has issued an advisory for a pair of security flaws in Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) recently shipped Windows XP Service Pack 2...
RealNetworks Halves Music Prices But Move to Confront Apple Will Increase Company #39;s Loss RealNetworks on Tuesday started a promotion that halves the price of its digital music offerings as part...
Compuware accuses IBM of ambush tactics in piracy suit DETROIT (AP) -- Compuware Corp. is accusing IBM of attempting to  quot;sandbag quot; it with new evidence just three months before the software...
Microsoft Funded Study Deciding Factor in 10yr Deal Genevish writes  quot;According to an article in the Register, Microsoft and the Newham Council in London have signed an agreement making Microsoft...
Bilonog Edges Nelson With Last Put as Shot Returns to Olympia Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Yuriy Bilonog won the gold medal in the men #39;s shot put at Olympia, the home of the ancient Games, by virtue of...
Figo takes break from international football LISBON, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Portugal captain Luis Figo said on Wednesday he was taking a break from international soccer, although he would not confirm if...
NLD MP urges people to sign petition Despite intimidation by the ruling Burmese military authorities, the National League for Democracy (NLD) members have continued the signature campaign with...
WFP Tackles  #39;Critical Six Weeks #39; in Darfur with Up-Scaling of Air Operations - The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) is gearing up for the most critical stage yet of its operation to...
Italy Lights the Path for the Olympic Torch Christmas on the island of Sicily, New Year #39;s eve at the bay of Naples. Italy mapped out Tuesday a two-month-long journey for the 2006 Winter Olympics...
Lamy Strong Candidate for WTO Job-USTR (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. trade officials said on Tuesday\that former European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy would\be a "strong candidate" to lead the...
Janus Finalizes Regulatory Settlement (AP) AP - Janus Capital Group Inc. said Wednesday it has finalized a  #36;226.2 million settlement with state and federal regulators over improper trading...
Italy's Parmalat sues ex-auditors Parmalat issues proceedings against its ex-auditors over their dealings with the insolvent group before its near collapse
Study: Hubble Robotic Repair Mission Too Costly An exhaustive study of NASA #39;s options for repairing the Hubble Space Telescope suggests the currently planned robotic mission may cost too much...
Dell Cuts Prices on Enterprise Hardware Dell has cut prices on a number of products geared to enterprises. The PowerEdge 4600 dual-processor server price tag has been trimmed by about 22 percent, now...
Boston Globe:  #39;Forget Microsoft and buy an Apple iPod - it works #39;  quot;As more and more retailers try to cash in on the online music scene, things are becoming increasingly befuddling for...
Thunderbird Mail goes 1.0 Mozilla #39;s Thunderbird mail client has reached the 1.0 release point. I #39;ve been using Thunderbird when ever I #39;ve found myself on a Windows box for quite a while...
Nvidia to work on PlayStation 3 chip Graphics chip leader Nvidia announced Tuesday that it is working with Sony to develop the graphics processor for the next version of Sony #39;s PlayStation video...
SEC Bars Mutual Fund Payoffs to Brokers  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission pushed ahead on Wednesday with reforms of the  \$7.5-trillion mutual fund industry amid...
Air Canada Stock Plummets on Review  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Shares of Air Canada &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AC.TO...
Parmalat Sues Ex-Auditors in Chicago  MILAN (Reuters) - Parmalat sued its former auditors  Deloitte   Touche and Grant Thornton on Wednesday, broadening a  legal battle to claw back billions of euros...
Apple zealots slam Real #39;s iPod campaign RealNetworks has stepped up its music  #39;war #39; on Apple Computer--with results it clearly didn #39;t expect.
Macromedia offers Flash video tool Macromedia hopes to boost use of its Flash format for delivering streaming video with a new development kit. The Flash Video Kit allows users of the company #39;s...
Apple G5 chips  #39;in short supply #39; Apple may be facing greater difficulties than previously thought in sourcing chips to power its high-end personal computers.
Cycling: Hamilton wins time trial VOULIAGMENI Tyler Hamilton of the United States won the men #39;s time trial gold medal Wednesday, beating defending champion Viatcheslav Ekimov of Russia and...
Jail for Olympic pool jump ATHENS (Reuters) - A Canadian man advertising an online gaming site, who broke security and jumped into the Olympic diving pool, has been given a five-month prison term for...
Leaders Threatened by Terrorist Groups Large and Small The vulnerability of world leaders to terrorist attack was starkly exposed again today by the discovery of a bomb near Tony Blair #39;s holiday...
Food crisis worsens in North Korea BEIJING The collapse of North Korea #39;s economy has caused food prices there to skyrocket and created new groups of people who cannot afford to buy what they need...
German investor confidence surges BERLIN - German investor confidence posted a surprise jump in December as relief over falling oil prices helped to offset concerns about the impact of a surging euro...
EU Weighs Tougher Conditions for Talks With Turkey (Update1) European Union governments may impose tougher conditions on entry talks with Turkey in response to demands by France, Austria and Cyprus,...
Airlines to Cut Flights at Chicago O'Hare  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. airlines have agreed to limit  flights into Chicago's O'Hare International Airport to 88  arrivals per hour between 7 a.m. and 8...
FAA: Flight-Reduction Deal Set for O #39;Hare WASHINGTON Aug. 18, 2004  Federal officials have reached a temporary agreement to ease congestion at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport that...
Italy #39;s Parmalat sues ex-auditors Italian food giant Parmalat is suing its former auditors over their dealings with the insolvent group before its near collapse last December.
Update 2: Swisscom Confirms May Merge With Firm Telecommunications companies Swisscom AG and Telekom Austria AG are in talks over a possible merger, Swisscom said.
Cox directors look at proposed buyout Cox Communications Inc. is a step closer to going private, with the cable giant #39;s board of directors forming a special committee of independent directors to...
Cassini Probe Discovers Tiny Saturnian Moons Two tiny moons orbiting Saturn -- each measuring around two miles in diameter -- are the latest discovery of the Cassini spacecraft. They are located...
MS Host Integration Server 2004 Is Weeks Away Starting September 1, 2004, Microsoft will make available Host Integration Server (HIS) 2004 for companies that have been wanting to open their mainframe...
Figo takes break from international game MADRID, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Portugal captain Luis Figo said on Wednesday he was taking an indefinite break from international football, but would not confirm...
Van Basten entrusts Dutch captaincy to Davids AMSTERDAM, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Midfielder Edgar Davids #39;s leadership qualities and never-say-die attitude have earned him the captaincy of the...
Russia #39;s Korzhanenko wins women #39;s shot put; American favorites eliminated US medal favorites John Godina and Reese Hoffa were eliminated from the shot put competition, ending hopes of an...
US rowers advances in photo finish SCHINIAS, Greece (AP)  The early success of the first black Olympic rower on the US men #39;s team and his Navy officer partner was supposed to end Wednesday.
Sadr calls for Najaf ceasefire BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Anti-US cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and his followers are ready to leave the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf if American-led forces pull back from the holy Shi...
Dhiren to father, Abu Musa to al Qaeda According to British cops he is Dhiren Barot to his father and Abu Musa al-Hindi to Al Qaeda. On Wednesday India-born Barot alias al-Hindi, along with seven men...
Terrified neighbours see dog kill owner A 39-year-old woman was savaged to death by her pet bull mastiff dog yesterday. Terrified elderly neighbours could only look on as the fatal attack, which...
Garrison gets new contract; King retires WHITE PLAINS, NY -- Zina Garrison was given a one-year contract to stay on as US Fed Cup captain, while Billie Jean King retired Tuesday as a coach for the...
VARSITY MATCH Oxford regained the MMC Trophy with a hard-fought 18-11 win over Cambridge in the Varsity match at Twickenham. Jon Fennell kicked Oxford into an early lead, but a well-worked try from...
Nintendo Game Machine Gets Good US Start The new portable video-game machine from Nintendo Co. is selling briskly in both the United States and Japan and the company is well on its way to reaching a...
Fledgling Thunderbird takes on Outlook Not content with eating into Microsoft #39;s share of the browser market with Firefox, the Mozilla Foundation has released an open-source email client to rival...
Cybersecurity post needs a promotion, firms say The US government is not taking cybersecurity seriously enough and should spend more money and energy on the topic, a group of computer security firms...
Toyota strikes satellite radio deals with rivals XM, Sirius Rivals XM Satellite Radio and Sirius Satellite Radio both have ventured again to the automotive industry in their latest efforts to land...
AT amp;T Wins \$1B Treasury Contract VIENNA, Va. -- AT amp;T Government Solutions and its team of subcontractors have been chosen by the Treasury Department to build and deploy the largest civilian...
UPDATE 1-SEC, NASD probing Jefferies trader #39;s gifts -WSJ US market regulators are looking into whether a Jefferies Group Inc. (JEF.N: Quote, Profile, Research) trader violated rules that prohibit...
Report: J amp;J in Talks to Acquire Guidant Health care giant Johnson  amp; Johnson is reportedly in advanced negotiations to acquire medical device maker Guidant Corp. for more than \$24 billion.
Google Slashes IPO, SEC OK Expected Today  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. slashed the  size of its initial public offering nearly in half to less than  \$2 billion on Wednesday,...
Stocks Up; Traders Eye Crude Oil Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks made gains on Wednesday as  investors bought beaten-down shares, while strength in oil  prices pushed up energy companies...
Houston serious about keeping its superstar center fielder Winter meetings kick off on Friday in Anaheim. BALCO aside, it #39;s been a quiet baseball offseason, but that #39;s about to change.
Charley May Cost Insurers \$7.4 Billion, Industry Says (Update1) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Hurricane Charley will probably cost insurers \$7.4 billion, according to the first loss estimate based on...
Parmalat sues ex-auditors Deloitte, Grant Thornton MILAN, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Parmalat sued its former auditors Deloitte  amp; Touche and Grant Thornton on Wednesday, broadening a legal battle to claw...
Barclays Buys CIBC US Credit Card Unit for \$293 Mln (Update5) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Barclays Plc, the UK #39;s third-biggest lender by assets, agreed to buy the US credit card business of Canadian...
Tap, Eat, N Go Forget  quot;super-sized, quot; McDonald #39;s is going for  quot;super-fast quot; service. The nation #39;s largest quick serve restaurant chain is getting ready to test a system that...
Broadband used by 51 percent of online population For the first time, broadband connections are reaching more than half (51 percent) of the American online population at home, according to...
Canadian who leaped into Olympic pays the price for 15 minutes of fame ATHENS (CP) - The Canadian who embarrassed Olympic officials by jumping into a Games swimming pool during a diving competition...
Els targets improved putting after Whistling Straits woes LONDON, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Ernie Els has set his sights on an improved putting display at this week #39;s WGC-NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio...
8 terror suspects, including alleged al-Qaida figure, charged in Britain LONDON (AP) - Eight suspects, including a man identified in the United States as a senior al-Qaida figure, appeared in court...
UN rights envoys urge probe into Burundi massacre GENEVA, Aug 18 (Reuters) - United Nations human rights investigators on Wednesday called on Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo to identify...
One Hamas leader survived assassination; five Palestinians killed in an Israeli bombardment in Gaza Five Palestinians were killed and other seven injured today at dawn in an Israeli air raid carried...
Swiss to hand back more Abacha funds Switzerland is to hand back to Nigeria SFr622 million (\$500 million) belonging to the former ruler, Sani Abacha, and his family.
WFP Relying On Airdrops To Bring Food In West Darfur Mud continues to be one of the biggest obstacles to relief efforts in Sudan #39;s Darfur region. Heavy rains have washed out roads and airstrips...
Late try gives Oxford win Ross Lavery scored a try two minutes from the end as Oxford University defeated Cambridge 18-11 at Twickenham on Tuesday in another tight finish to the annual University...
Dell trims PC prices for business clients Dell cut prices on some servers and PCs by as much as 22 percent because it #39;s paying less for parts. The company will pass the savings on components such...
NASA #39;s Return to Flight on Track, Shuttle Officials Say NASA (news - web sites) is close to meeting all of the return-to-flight safety requirements set by Columbia accident investigators and...
What's Google Minus \$10 Billion? Google drops its price and shares offered. Its magic: turning the hottest IPO in history into a disaster.
Wind River's Smooth Sailing (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - Investors have unloaded on many software companies lately, such as Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT - News), Siebel (Nasdaq: SEBL - News), Novell...
Teleportation goes long distance Physicists teleport particles of light a distance of 600m across the River Danube in Austria, the journal Nature reports.
Europe Is Warned of Changing Climate (AP) AP - Rising sea levels, disappearing glaciers in the Alps and more deadly heat waves are coming for Europeans because of global warming, Europe's...
Clinton: Ex-President Inaugurates China-Backed Internet Search &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former President Bill Clinton helped launch a new Internet search firm that claims better results for its engine...
High court hears dispute over Michigan interstate wine sales SUPREME COURT The US Supreme Court is hearing arguments in a case that could lead to sweeping changes on how alcoholic beverages are...
Stocks Move Higher on Mixed Economic Data Stocks inched higher Tuesday as investors saw the bright side of mixed economic data and rumors about big merger deals, including a report that consumer...
IBM: Do We Have a Deal? China #39;s biggest computer maker said it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure that comes amid reports it might buy IBM #39;s...
Three IPOs Trim Price Ranges Wednesday Three new stocks scheduled to begin trading this week - including Google Inc. #39;s highly anticipated initial public offering - slashed their expected price...
Oil at \$47, Economic Impact Seen as Muted LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices surged to a new high above \$47 a barrel on Wednesday on evidence that energy costs are not substantially slowing the economic...
McDonald #39;s testing deli sandwiches in Louisville, other markets McDonald #39;s Corp. (NYSE: MCD) plans to expand a test market of five types of deli-style sandwiches to Louisville and three other...
Netscape #39;s Official New Browser is Out AOL (Quote, Chart) developers have rolled out a new version of its venerable Netscape browser, version 7.2.
Kenteris, Thanou Quit Games; Thorpe Record Bid Fails (Update6) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympic medalists Kostas Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou quit the Athens Games, overshadowing the start of track...
Roddick, Williams eliminated from Olympic tennis CBC SPORTS ONLINE - American tennis sensation Andy Roddick #39;s Olympic dreams are over after a straight set loss to No. 16 Fernando Gonzalez of...
Giambi calls strain  #39;nothing serious #39; New York Yankees: First baseman Jason Giambi continued his upper body workout and ran in an indoor pool Wednesday, one day after mildly straining his...
Olympics: Venus out of Olympics ATHENS : Title-holder Venus Williams of the United States crashed out of the Olympic women #39;s singles tennis tournament here losing a third round tie 6-4, 6-4 to...
Sadr calls for Najaf ceasefire NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Radical Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr has agreed to disarm his Iraqi militia and leave a holy shrine but only after a truce with encircling...
Something's Brewing at Diedrich Coffee The Starbucks competitor will sell its international franchise business to battle at home.
Report: Palestinians, Israel Back Peace Plan  CAIRO (Reuters) - Palestinians and Israelis have agreed in  principle to proposals aiming to end their conflict, Egypt's  official news agency MENA said...
State Dept. Warns of Violence in Laos (AP) AP - The State Department is advising Americans traveling or living in Laos to take precautions and avoid areas likely to be hit by continuing violence.
VIDEO GAME REVIEW: Driv3r Plot Is Tedious (AP) AP - Atari could have redefined guns and gas pedal mayhem with the much anticipated "Driv3r" (pronounced Driver 3), the latest installment in a series...
Credit Suisse to Focus on Investment Bank  ZURICH (Reuters) - Credit Suisse plans to focus its  investment banking activities on high-margin business and float  off insurer Winterthur in a...
U.S. Economic Outlook Dims a Bit  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. economic outlook dimmed  somewhat on Tuesday after reports said business productivity  grew more slowly in the third quarter than...
Workers fight bad weather to give aid to storm-ravaged Philippines; 740 dead (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REAL, Philippines (AP) - Relief crews battling walls of mud and lashing rain to reach...
Update 3: Bank of America Cuts Some Fleet Workers Bank of America Corp. laid off an unspecified number of employees Wednesday at hundreds of Fleet Bank branches, a byproduct of the merger of the two...
SEC Bars Mutual Fund Payoffs to Brokers WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission pushed ahead on Wednesday with reforms of the \$7.5-trillion mutual fund industry amid...
Barclays buys Juniper Financial for \$293M LONDON (AP)  British bank Barclays PLC gained its first toehold in the US consumer banking market Wednesday, saying it would buy credit-card company Juniper...
UAL agrees to independent agents to oversee pension funds WASHINGTON : Bankrupt United Airlines has agreed to appoint an independent party to manage its employee pension funds prior to September 15...
Compuware asks court to punish IBM Software maker Compuware has charged IBM with keeping back key evidence in a long-running legal battle over copyright and anticompetitive practices.
Investors Unfazed by Last-Minute Google Moves BOSTON (Reuters) - When investors heard that Google Inc. had cut the price range for shares in its closely watched initial public offering they said they...
Charley a Harbinger of Busy Hurricane Season? But Hurricane Charley intensified at an astonishing rate just a few hours before making landfall, and its eye wobbled off its forecast track and smashed...
Report: Apple G5 chips scarce Apple Computer may be facing greater difficulties than previously thought in getting hold of chips to power its high-end personal computers.
American Cyclist Hamilton Wins Time Trial yler Hamilton and Bobby Julich showed that there is some depth to American cycling, winning the gold and bronze medals today in the men #39;s individual time...
Kitajima wins breast stroke double Kosuke Kitajima won the men #39;s 200 metres breast stroke final at the Athens Olympics early this morning, but Australia #39;s Jim Piper was disqualified.
State Dept. Cautious of Najaf Reports WASHINGTON (AP) - The Bush administration reacted cautiously Wednesday to reports that the radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr had accept a peace plan to end...
Pakistan publishes photos of six suspects wanted in terror ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (AP)  Pakistan published photos Wednesday in newspapers across the country of six terror suspects  including a senior...
Steroid Talks Progress Baseball players and owners have made progress toward toughening rules on steroid testing, but there is still plenty of work to be done.
Italy Lights the Path for the Olympic Torch  ROME (Reuters) - Christmas on the island of Sicily, New  Year's eve at the bay of Naples.
Five die in renewed Gaza fighting against Mahmoud Abbas, a moderate backed by Israel and Washington as a potential peacemaker, a lawmaker said. killing one soldier and wounding four.
Dual-Format Disc That Plays Both HD DVD and DVD Memory-Tech and Toshiba today announced that they have developed a dual-layer ROM (read-only) disc that can store content in both the HD DVD and DVD...
Energy from waves  teenager wins science award A teenager from the San Diego, California area has won The Siemens Westinghouse Competition in Math, Science and Technology for his  quot;Gyro-Gen,...
Program Lets People Design 3-D Objects (AP) AP - It's the Internet Revolution meets the Industrial Revolution: a new program that lets people design 3-D objects like car parts and door knobs in metal...
1.2 million flu shots will stay in Canada after all VANCOUVER - A Vancouver-based firm won #39;t sell 1.2 million doses of influenza vaccine to the United States after all, announcing Tuesday that it...
Windows XP SP2 Help Certainly you know by now that Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) has been released. As anticipated, some systems have had problems after installation of the new service pack. But...
Slim Majority of Web Users Connect With Broadband For the first time, a slim majority of US Net users are connecting via broadband. In July, 51 percent of America #39;s home online population was...
Bilonog Wins Olympia Shot Put Gold Competing under a flawless blue sky in the tree-lined grove devoted to Zeus, the European gold medallist equaled American champion Adam Nelson #39;s opening mark of...
Kitajima wins breaststroke double Kosuke Kitajima won the men #39;s 200 metres breaststroke final at the Athens Olympics on Wednesday to collect his second gold medal in four days.
Nigerian senate to rule on Darfur troop deployment ABUJA, Aug 18 (AFP) -- The Nigerian senate said on Wednesday it would ask its defence committee to consider a request by President Olusegun Obasanjo...
Google IPO Is Small Hurdle Vs Growing Competition (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc., on the last leg of its\race to sell shares to the public, is facing more rivals, large\and small, trying to unseat...
PAC-10 MEN #39;S Basketball: Timing of Bibby firing irks Olson Just last month USC basketball coach Henry Bibby said he was enjoying his job more than ever and getting ready for what he hoped would...
Pacers #39; Foster Activated From Injured List Indianapolis, IN -- Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster was activated from the injured list Tuesday. He had missed the first 17 games of the season after...
Physicists Teleport Photons Across Danube Austrian researchers have teleported photons, or particles of light, for the first time outside a laboratory using the same technological principles imagined...
British Cave Yields Elaborate Ice-Age Art A detailed survey of ancient cave carvings at a site first discovered last year in Nottinghamshire, England, reveals the etchings may be some of most...
Venus: Inhabited World? by Harry Bortman    In part 1 of this interview with Astrobiology Magazine editor Henry Bortman, planetary scientist David Grinspoon explained how Venus evolved from a wet...
Particle Physics in a New Universe By Davide Castelvecchi     Stanford University -- A string of recent discoveries in astronomy has left scientists with an unsettling realization: The stuff we know...
Compuware asks court to punish IBM Software maker says Big Blue kept hold of key evidence to delay a resolution to a long-running legal spat over copyrighted code.
A brighter Outlook? Software startup hopes there's big money in little improvements to Microsoft products.
Briefly: Macromedia offers Flash video tool roundup Plus: UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract...Microsoft tightens Windows-mainframes link...Red Hat names new services executive.
Macromedia offers Flash video tool Company hopes to boost use of its Flash format for delivering streaming video with new development kit.
Microsoft tightens Windows-mainframes link Company releases revamped version of server software for linking Windows servers to mainframes, other large computers.
Red Hat names new services executive Kate Johnson will oversee global training, support and consulting services from the company's headquarters.
Report: Apple G5 chips scarce Firm may be facing greater difficulties than previously thought in getting hold of chips to power its high-end PCs.
MCI to overhaul network for international calls Company plans to use IP-based gear in network upgrade starting mid-2005, as it seeks to revive its prospects.
Study: Broadband leaps past dial-up For the first time ever, more Americans are seeking faster connections to access the Internet.
UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract India's state-owned telecom provider signs \$8.2 million contract with the company.
Juniper engineers depart for start-up Two of the company's top engineers, who helped develop its flagship product, decide to start up their own operation.
Real gets flamed over iPod campaign Petition calling on Apple to open its music player to rival tunes becomes target of anti-RealNetworks brickbats.
Hynix to build chip plant in China South Korean memory-chip maker Hynix Semiconductor Inc. announced Wednesday that it reached an agreement to construct a wafer fabrication plant (fab) to manufacture...
Researchers find holes in XP SP2 Security researchers inspecting a new update to Microsoft Corp.'s Windows XP found two software flaws that could allow virus writers and malicious hackers to sidestep...
Google faces another trademark suit in Germany A German court is set to hear oral arguments in a trademark suit against Google Inc. next week, as the search giant faces yet another legal challenge to...
Where to Dump Your Dead Technology Office Depot teams with HP to recycle your old electronics gear for free.
BlackBerries Take Aim at Terrorism Wireless devices are being used to perform background checks at Boston's airport.
Google, WebSideStory, Claria Show Negative IPO Trend Google, WebSideStory, Claria Show Negative IPO Trend\\The online advertising, search engine marketing, and web analytics markets may be booming,...
U.S. Coach Larry Brown Won't Make Changes (AP) AP - Same starting lineup, same subs, same tactics. The U.S. basketball team may be an unimpressive 1-1 in the Olympic tournament, but coach Larry Brown...
Manning to Get First Start Vs. Panthers (AP) AP - What a way to test a rookie quarterback: Give him his first NFL start against the defending NFC champions and their vaunted defense.
Toronto Raptors Sign Center Loren Woods (AP) AP - The Toronto Raptors signed free agent center Loren Woods on Wednesday.
Indians Call Up Righty Fernando Cabrera (AP) AP - The Cleveland Indians called up right-hander Fernando Cabrera from Triple-A Buffalo on Wednesday.
Hamm of U.S. Wins Men's Gymnastics All-Around Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm (U.S.) won the men's  gymnastics individual all-around gold medal at the Olympics on  Wednesday.
Americans and Dutch Strike Gold in Cycling  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States proved there is more  to U.S. cycling than Lance Armstrong on Wednesday and Leontien  Zijlaard-van Moorsel of the...
U.S. Women Break Oldest Record for Relay Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States broke swimming's  oldest world record to win the women's 4x200 meter freestyle  relay Olympic gold medal Wednesday.
Henry, Phelps on Record Track to Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's Jodie Henry armed herself  with a world record while Michael Phelps targeted his fourth  Olympic gold medal backed by a Games...
Hamm Wins Gold for U.S. Paul Hamm of the United States won the gold medal Wednesday in all-around gymnastics.
U-Va.'s Brooks Out Linebacker Ahmad Brooks missed his second practice after getting into an argument with Cavs Coach Al Groh during Monday's session.
Nelson: Shot Put Silver With one last attempt to win gold, Adam Nelson is called for his fifth consecutive foul, leaving him with a silver medal Wednesday.
Olympian women escape the age barrier (AFP) AFP - The older the violin, the sweeter the music. And the Athens Olympics is proving the lyrics right as Martina Navratilova, Merlene Ottey and company...
Russia investors skeptical of Yukos mad scramble for cash (AFP) AFP - Yukos scrambled to scrape together cash for a crushing tax bill by selling off one of its gas companies in the face of deep...
Israeli Helicopter Fires at Gaza Building (AP) AP - An Israeli helicopter fired two missiles in Gaza City after nightfall Wednesday, one at a building in the Zeitoun neighborhood, witnesses said,...
U.N. Food Agency Steps Up Sudan Aid (AP) AP - The United Nations' food relief agency is gearing up for a "critical stage" in feeding refugees in western Sudan as more people flee ethnic violence...
Group Asks to Protest in Central Park (AP) AP - An anti-war group planning a massive demonstration the day before the GOP convention asked a judge on Wednesday to overrule city officials and let...
New York Vs. the Protesters (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - NEW YORK -- Hundreds of thousands of antiwar protesters, abortion rights supporters, labor rights activists and anarchists are...
Retiring GOP Rep.: Iraq War Unjustified (AP) AP - A top Republican congressman has broken from his party in the final days of his House career, saying he believes the U.S. military assault on Iraq...
Lawyers Defend Wen Ho Lee Reporters (AP) AP - An Associated Press reporter and four other journalists shouldn't be punished for keeping secret the names of sources for stories about Wen Ho Lee, a...
Iraq Cleric Agrees to End Uprising, Demands Truce  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a  Shi'ite uprising agreed Wednesday to disarm his militia and  leave one of the country's...
Israel's Sharon Confronts Party Rebels Before Vote  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon confronted  Likud party rebels with a pledge to put the good of Israel  first Wednesday as he...
U.N. Tries to Calm Frontier After Burundi Massacre  BUJUMBURA/UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. peacekeepers are  scrambling to avoid new bloodshed in the volatile Great Lakes  region of Africa...
Cleric Who Died in Pakistan Custody 'Tortured'  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - An Afghan Islamic cleric who died in  custody in Pakistan on Wednesday had signs of torture on his  body, an intelligence...
Cleric dies in Pakistan custody An Islamic cleric arrested in Pakistan for suspected al-Qaeda links dies in custody, officials say.
Teleportation goes long distance Physicists have successfully teleported particles of light over a distance of 600m across the River Danube in Austria, the journal Nature reports.
8 Terror Suspects Appear in British Court LONDON - Eight suspects, including a man identified by the United States as a senior al-Qaida figure, appeared in a London court under heavy guard Wednesday...
Demand Soars for Laughing Cow Cheese LITTLE CHUTE, Wis. - Cheese maker Bob Gilbert is struggling with his good fortune and his misfortune...
Venus, Roddick Upset in Olympic Tennis ATHENS, Greece - Andy Roddick hit one last errant shot into the net and hung his head, his medal hopes over. A short while later, Venus Williams was gone, too...
Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops CINCINNATI - John Kerry, telling fellow combat veterans he's their "true brother in arms," said Wednesday that President Bush's plan to withdraw U.S. troops...
'Potential Development' in Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - The judge in Scott Peterson's murder trial dismissed the jurors for the day Wednesday, saying, "There's been a potential development in...
Stocks Are Up Despite Rising Oil Prices NEW YORK - Buyers put a positive spin on equities Wednesday, shrugging off rising crude futures as Google Inc. prepared to sell its stock in an initial public...
Kerry Decries Bush Plan to Recall Troops CINCINNATI - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry on Wednesday criticized President Bush's proposal to recall up to 70,000 foreign troops as a hastily...
Stocks Climb Despite Rise in Oil Prices NEW YORK - Buyers put a positive spin on the equity markets Wednesday, shrugging off rising crude futures as Google Inc. prepared to sell its stock in an...
'Potential Development' in Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - The judge in Scott Peterson's double murder trial dismissed the jurors for the day Wednesday, saying, "There's been a potential...
Sadr Signals He Will Accept Peace Plan Shiite cleric Moqtada Sadr signaled that he would accept pleas to dissolve his militia and vacate the sacred Imam Ali shrine in Najaf, but asked for time for...
China Detains Prominent Buddhist Leader Chinese authorities detained a prominent, U.S.-based Buddhist leader in connection with his plans to reopen an ancient temple complex in the Chinese province...
Stocks End Higher, Dow Back Above 10,000  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday,  as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought  beaten-down shares, pushing blue...
Unpatched PC  quot;Survival Time quot; Just 16 Minutes The average unpatched Windows PC lasts less than 20 minutes on the Internet before it #39;s compromised, according to data from the Internet...
Add-On Toolkit For Outlook Cuts Clutter A small Oregon-based company on Wednesday released a set of integrated add-on tools for Microsoft #39;s Outlook e-mail client.
IBM  #39;ambush #39; accusation p2pnet.net News:- IBM mainframe software vendor Compuware is suing IBM for antitrust violations claiming IBM used its source code without permission.
Epson Announces Advanced Model of the World #39;s Lightest Micro-Flying Robot TOKYO, Japan -- Seiko Epson Corporation ( quot;Epson quot;) has announced that it has successfully developed a lighter...
Ford scraps Oracle-based procurement system Auto giant Ford Motor confirmed Wednesday that it is abandoning its Oracle-powered online procurement system in favor of technologies it had used...
Malaysia sets up sanctuary in Terengganu to protect endangered turtles TERENGGANU : Malaysia has gazetted 60 hectares of land off the east coast state of Terengganu to help conserve the dwindling...
With Kenteris and Thanou out of Games, hometown suffers a big blow Give the International Olympic Committee credit. By virture of simply being in the room when the bullet slipped into the chamber, by...
Venus, Roddick ousted from Olympics Athens, Greece, Aug. 18 (UPI) -- Americans Andy Roddick and Venus Williams were shockingly eliminated in the third round of the Olympic tennis tournament Wednesday.
Losing No. 1 only a matter of time for Tiger Today, there can be no argument. Attach an asterisk, because in this case the numbers lie. Vijay Singh trails by .1 in the Official World Golf Ranking...
Britain #39;s Law takes equestrian silver ATHENS (Reuters) Britain #39;s Leslie Law has won silver in the equestrian three-day event individual behind Bettina Hoy of Germany.
Kitajima sweeps both breaststrokes, Hanson third ATHENS --After winning world titles in both breaststroke events last summer while setting world records in each, Japan #39;s Kosuke Kitajima sat...
Ht England 1 Ukraine 0 Beckham turned provided 10 minutes before the break after Gerrard had been felled as he surged forward, curling a free-kick to the far post where Neville rose to power a header...
Bomb Defused in Sardinia After Berlusoni and Blair Visited OME, Aug. 18  The police defused a bomb today in Porto Rotondo, Sardinia, the same town where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi had...
Darfur #39;s War of Definitions Finally, the conflict in Darfur in western Sudan is a focal point in international diplomacy and media attention. This is the least to expect after months of bloody...
Cleric Who Died in Pakistan Custody  #39;Tortured #39; ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - An Afghan Islamic cleric who died in custody in Pakistan on Wednesday had signs of torture on his body, an intelligence...
Google Slashes IPO Price UPDATED: Search engine darling Google (Quote, Chart) has slashed the price of its long-awaited public offering by about 30 percent to between \$85 and \$95 per share and...
Janus Loses \$5 Billion The bad news just keeps pouring in for mutual fund manager Janus Capital Group (NYSE: JNS). Yesterday, the Denver-based firm reported that European banker ING Group (NYSE:...
Parmalat sues Grant Thornton, Deloitte for \$10 billion CHICAGO Italian dairy company Parmalat today filed a ten (B) billion dollar lawsuit against two auditors it accuses of overlooking fraud that...
Is Applied Materials Losing Momentum? Despite a strong third-quarter performance from Applied Materials (Nasdaq: AMAT), a weaker fourth-quarter outlook has the chip equipment maker #39;s shares...
McDonald #39;s to use cashless payment system TORONTO, Aug. 18  McDonald #39;s restaurants has announced an agreement to accept MasterCard PayPass, a new  quot;contactless quot; payment option...
Update 1: Vivendi, Messier Are Fined \$1.35 Million Vivendi Universal and its former chief Jean-Marie Messier have each been fined 1 million euros (\$1.35 million) for misleading financial...
Tiffany sells stake in Aber Diamond, discount arrangement ends TORONTO (CP) - US jewelry retailer Tiffany  amp; Co. has sold its nearly 14 per cent stake in Aber Diamond Corp., part owner of Canada...
SEC Says Google IPO Document Effective  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission said on Wednesday that it declared effective Google  Inc.'s &lt;A...
Australian City Agency Switches to Sun's StarOffice (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - In another blow to Microsoft, a government agency in New South Wales, Australia, signs a deal with Sun to migrate 1,500...
Ford scraps Oracle-based procurement system Automaker dumps Everest procurement system to revert to older technologies.
Briefly: Mozilla makes Japanese push roundup Plus: Macromedia offers Flash video tool...UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract...Microsoft tightens Windows-mainframes link.
Pros point to flaws in Windows security update German security company says it found minor problems in SP2; researchers predict more critical issues will emerge.
Sears launches consumer electronics line Department store selling projection TVs via Web; will offer them in stores in the fall, with other devices to follow.
Wireless sensor networks looking to Zigbee Alliance Imagine a golf course that can sense rainfall, and adjust the automatic sprinkler system to delay a scheduled watering session or focus on parts of...
Web Surfers Hit Higher Speeds The majority of Internet users in the U.S. have ditched dial-up, survey says.
Microsoft Outlook Tool Launched by You Software You Looking For Another Microsoft Outlook Tool\\Microsoft gobbled up Lookout the other week, an Outlook search tool, but You Software is introducing...
Hamm Wins All-Around Gymnastics Title (AP) AP - After falling onto the edge of the judges' table on the landing of his vault, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his career to...
Judge in Bryant Case Loosens Gag Order (AP) AP - The judge in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case has loosened a sweeping gag order after objections from prosecutors, news organizations and attorneys...
Bulluck Picks Super Bowl Shot Over Cash (AP) AP - Keith Bulluck knows his answer to the question of how much is enough. Coming off his first Pro Bowl and All-Pro season, the Tennessee linebacker...
American Hamm Claims Men's Gymnastics All-Round Crown  ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm became the first American man  to claim the Olympic gymnastics men's all-round gold medal on  Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Citigroup fined over risky fund recommendations The brokerage watchdog NASD on Tuesday censured Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) and fined the financial services company...
UN food agency steps up Sudan aid as rainy season approaches (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - KHARTOUM, Sudan (AP) - The United Nations' food relief agency is gearing up for a "critical stage" in...
Iraq Cleric Agrees End Uprising, Fighting Continues  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a  Shi'ite uprising agreed Wednesday to disarm his militia and  leave one of the country's...
SA soldiers 'robbed immigrants' Five soldiers appear in court in South Africa accused of robbing Zimbabwean deportees.
Israel 'hits' Gaza City targets An Israeli helicopter fires two missiles at targets in Gaza City, Palestinian witnesses say.
Paul Hamm Wins All-Around Event After falling on the landing of his vault, Paul Hamm put on two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win Olympic gold, the first ever by a U.S. man.
Al-Sadr OKs Plan to End Fighting in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr accepted a peace plan Wednesday for Najaf that would disarm his militiamen and remove them from a holy...
SEC Gives Final Nod to Google's IPO SAN JOSE, Calif. - The Securities and Exchange Commission granted final approval Wednesday to the paperwork required for Google Inc.'s initial public offering,...
Hamm Wins All-Around Gymnastics Title ATHENS, Greece - After falling onto the edge of the judges' table on the landing of his vault, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his...
Colgate to Cut About 4,400 Jobs Colgate-Palmolive Co. (CL) will cut about 4,400 jobs and close a third of its factories under a program aimed at fighting rising costs and focusing on higher-profit...
Lamy Strong Candidate for WTO Job-USTR  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. trade officials said on Tuesday  that former European Union Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy would  be a "strong candidate" to lead...
Stocks Close Higher, Dow Above 10,000  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended higher on Wednesday,  as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought  beaten-down shares, pushing blue...
CORRECTED: Charley Shows Progress, Pitfalls in Forecasting (Reuters) Reuters - A few decades ago, the earliest warning\Floridians would have had of a hurricane would have been black\clouds on the...
Oracle intros Business Intelligence 10g Oracle today introduced the latest version of its Business Intelligence product which combines information access, analysis, reporting, data integration and...
Mozilla Sparks New Fire with Thunderbird E-Mail Client Thunderbird is touting its new features, like RSS news and blog reader integration into its e-mail client. Users can scan and sort through...
Sony Announces PS3 GPU December 07, 2004 - In an announcement made around the midnight hour earlier this morning, Sony Computer Entertainment and NVIDIA Corporation jointly confirmed that they have...
United, American OK flight caps to ease airport gridlock CHICAGO : United Airlines and American Airlines have agreed to temporary flight caps at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport to ease...
Stocks End Higher, Dow Back Above 10,000 NEW YORK (Reuters) - US stocks ended higher on Wednesday, as investors shrugged off record crude oil prices and bought beaten-down shares, pushing blue chips...
Cause of shopping center fire in South Everett under investigation EVERETT  Fire investigators are still trying to determine what caused a two-alarm that destroyed a portion of a South Everett...
BigFix eases enterprise deployment of SP2 BigFix, an enterprise security vendor, announced yesterday that its BigFix Enterprise Suite  quot;supports and simplifies quot; the deployment of Windows XP...
Web Surfers Hit Higher Speeds A majority of US home Internet users now have broadband, according to a survey by NetRatings. While the total number of home Internet users has reached a plateau in the...
Compuware Calls for IBM Oust Lawyers for software vendor Compuware (Quote, Chart) filed a motion with a US District Court in Michigan asking a federal judge to impose sanctions against IBM for...
White House Touts High-End Computing In R amp;D Budgets It #39;s instructing executive-branch heads to give priority to supercomputing and cyberinfrastructure research and development in their fiscal...
Greek sprinters withdraw from Olympics ATHENS -- The final curtain fell Wednesday on a week-long drama that has riveted this nation when Greece #39;s two top sprinters, swept up in a suspected doping...
Olympics : Japan #39;s Kitajima completes breaststroke double ATHENS : Kosuke Kitajima completed a sweep of Olympic breaststroke gold on Wednesday, capturing the 200m title in a Games record ahead of...
Calls for Sadr militia to disarm NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq #39;s Defence Ministry has ordered Shi #39;ite militiamen in Najaf to immediately lay down their weapons and leave a holy shrine in the...
More Georgian Soldiers Die in South Ossetia Clashes Georgian officials reported four Georgian soldiers were killed in a heavy fighting, which erupted in the South Ossetian conflict zone late on...
Riot in Salvadoran jail leaves 20 dead, 30 injured MEXICO CITY, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- A bloody riot Wednesday in the La Esperanza Jail, in Mariona, in the outskirts of San Salvador, left a toll of...
Intuit Posts Wider Loss After Charge  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intuit Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTU.O...
Software Vendor Lindows Postpones IPO (AP) AP - Software vendor Lindows Inc. formally postponed its initial public offering Wednesday, citing adverse market conditions.
Spruced up 64-bit Windows beta ready Microsoft on Wednesday made available the latest builds of its 64-bit version of Windows XP Professional and Windows Server 2003 Enterprise, that each features a...
Dollar Up a Bit Against Europe Currencies  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was a little stronger  against the main European currencies but weaker against the yen  on Wednesday, with the Japanese...
Google Faces Another Keyword Lawsuit Google Faces Another Keyword Lawsuit\\Another lawsuit has been filed against Google because of the trademarked keyterms that companies bid for in the AdWords...
Ogunleye Remains Idled in Contract Talks (AP) AP - Idled by a stalemate in contract negotiations, Pro Bowl defensive end Adewale Ogunleye can only wonder where he'll be come September.
Portugal Suffers Humiliating Athens Exit in Soccer  ATHENS (Reuters) - Portugal were bundled out of the men's  soccer tournament at the Athens Olympics on Wednesday after a  humiliating 4-2 defeat by...
Iraq Cleric Agrees to End Uprising, Fighting Rages On  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a  Shi'ite uprising agreed on Wednesday to disarm his militia and  leave one of the...
Argentina to tackle tax 'evaders' The government of Buenos Aires, the richest province of Argentina, says it wants to seize the safety deposit boxes of 35,000 alleged tax debtors.
SEC Gives Final Nod to Google #39;s IPO SAN JOSE, Calif. Aug. 18, 2004  The Securities and Exchange Commission granted final approval Wednesday to the paperwork required for Google Inc. #39;s initial...
O #39;Hare Set to Lose 37 Daily Arrivals Federal officials announced an agreement Wednesday to ease congestion at O #39;Hare International Airport by temporarily cutting 37 daily peak-hour arrivals...
Moody #39;s raises Dell #39;s senior unsecured debt rating NEW YORK, Aug 18 - Moody #39;s Investors Service said on Wednesday it raised the senior unsecured debt rating of Dell Inc. (DELL.O: Quote,...
Roddick, Williams lose in third round Maybe all that talk from Andy Roddick and Venus Williams about taking the Olympics as seriously as a Grand Slam was just that: talk.
Hamm stumbles, then soars to gold ATHENS, Greece -- Paul Hamm overcame a fall on the vault to become the first American to win an Olympics men #39;s all-round gymnastics gold medal.
Aussie equestrian hopes end in sixth Australia #39;s dreams of an historic fourth successive three-day eventing gold medal ended in disappointment but there was still joy for the team when Andrew Hoy...
Arafat #39;s familiar words must lead to unfamiliar actions If there are any democratic  quot;T #39;s quot; to be crossed and  quot;I #39;s quot; to be dotted, Palestinian President Yasser Arafat did...
Salvadoran Prison Riot Kills at Least 20 Prisoners, EFE Reports August 18 (Bloomberg) -- A prison riot in the Central American nation of El Salvador killed at least 20 prisoners and wounded another...
PM denies misleading public PRIME Minister John Howard is insisting he has not deliberately misled the Australian public over the children overboard affair.
Southern Africa: Zim Election Group Welcomes SADC Guidelines The Zimbabwe Elections Support Network (ZESN) has welcomed the adoption of guidelines for holding democratic elections at the Southern...
Vivendi, Messier Each Fined EU1 Million by French Regulator Jean-Marie Messier, the former chief of Vivendi Universal SA who is under investigation for alleged fraud and stock manipulation, was fined...
Lenovo may be in acquisition talks with IBM HONG KONG - China #39;s biggest computer maker said Tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which...
Google Slashes IPO, Gets Pricing Go-Ahead  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.OQ...
Product Review: Business PC Roundup - Part 2 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Over the last several weeks, NewsFactor has looked at ten of the market's best-known and most sought-after business computers....
Analyst: CRM Mergers and Acquisitions Picking Up (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Most industry observers agree that the CRM-software market is picking up speed this year and will continue to do so next...
Vitamin E Thwarts Colds in the Elderly By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Nursing home residents who take daily doses of vitamin E appear to be less likely to develop certain...
Ford kills 'Everest' procurement software system Ford Motor Co. has decided to stop work on a major procurement software system built around Oracle's 11i E-Business Suite of apps and plans to move...
NetRatings survey shows broadband users now a majority in U.S. There were an estimated 63 million broadband users, or 51 of all home Internet users, last month compared with 61.3 million dial-up...
Brief: FedEx Kinko's launches Internet-based print options FedEx Kinko's yesterday launched a Web-based tool geared toward mobile professionals and small businesses that allows Microsoft Windows...
Sun postpones September user show In a bid to save money, Sun Microsystems is postponing its SunNetwork 2004 San Francisco user conference and may merge the event with its JavaOne 2005 developer...
Researchers find holes in XP SP2 Security researchers found two software flaws in the Windows XP Service Pack 2 that could allow virus writers and malicious hackers to sidestep new security features...
HP pledges to correct order processing problems At HP World this week, company officials scrambled to reassure customers that it is working hard to fix its order processing problems by the end of...
Catching 'gotchas' in tech contracts IT managers and contract specialists often fail to include important criteria in final tech deals, such as performance promises made by vendors during the request...
Netscape 7.2 released Netscape Communications yesterday released Netscape 7.2, which is based on Version 1.7 of Mozilla, the most recent version of the Mozilla Internet application suite.
Brief: SAP users warned of false support calls SAP AG is warning customers not to provide confidential information on the phone to people claiming to be company support staff.
Review: Robovacs No Match for Normal Vacuum Cleaners By MARK JEWELL     BOSTON (AP) -- A new generation of robotic vacuums is ready to do battle with dirt, dust and dog hair with more cleaning power...
Sharon's Likud Rejects Coalition Bid--First Returns (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel\Sharon's right-wing Likud party voted Wednesday to bar a\coalition with center-left Labor that he...
UN Concerned by Lack of Darfur Progress on Ground (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations said on\Wednesday it was concerned by Sudan's lack of progress in\bringing security to Darfur, where more than...
Sharon's Likud Rejects Coalition Bid--First Returns  TEL AVIV, Israel (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon's right-wing Likud party voted Wednesday to bar a  coalition with center-left...
Medtronic Quarterly Net Up (Reuters) Reuters - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N) on Wednesday\said its quarterly earnings rose on brisk demand for devices\that manage irregular heart beats and products used to...
Google Says IPO Auction Has Closed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. said on Wednesday that the  auction has closed for its initial public offering.
Bloom Will Appeal Latest NCAA Rebuff (AP) AP - Colorado wide receiver Jeremy Bloom decided Wednesday to keep fighting the NCAA for the right to accept commercial ski endorsements while playing...
U.S. Forces Kill 50 Sadr Militia in Baghdad Suburb (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. forces killed more than 50 Shi'ite\militiamen Wednesday in a significant advance into a Baghdad\suburb that is a powerbase...
Besieging holy sites: past lessons The standoff at one of Islam's holiest shrines parallels one at the Church of the Nativity in 2002.
British say US gave terror suspects a heads up Eight alleged terrorists were charged in Britain this week. One was caught with detailed plans of several US buildings.
IPO Quiet Period Needs  #39;Good, Hard Look #39; -SEC Chief WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The rules on what executives may and may not say during the run-up to launching a company onto the public markets...
Crude oil crosses the \$47 per barrel mark NEW YORK, August 18 (New Ratings)  Crude oil prices reached new record high levels today, following the US Energy Department report regarding the expanded...
Fleet Bank to lay off workers Hundreds of branch employees at Fleet Bank, one of the largest banks in Philadelphia and now part of Bank of America, are being laid off Wednesday across the Northeast.
Intuit Posts Wider Loss After Charge SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intuit Inc. (INTU.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , maker of the No. 1 US tax presentation software TurboTax, on Wednesday posted a wider...
Google Gets the Green Light, Markets Perk Up The SEC hurdle had been closely watched after Google made some missteps after announcing its intention to go public, including possibly violating the...
Parmalat sues former auditors for at least \$10 bn LONDON, August 18 (New Ratings)  The insolvent Italian dairy food product company, Parmalat Finanziaria SpA (PAF.FSE), filed a lawsuit against its...
Mexican Volkswagen Workers Strike Over Wage Increase Volkswagen workers in Mexico have gone on strike after rejecting a wage increase offered by company management.
Synovis shares tumble as profit, revenue fall CHICAGO, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Shares of Synovis Life Technologies Inc.(SYNO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled 13 percent on Wednesday after the company...
Windows XP SP2 Firewall Last week Microsoft finally released the much-anticipated Service Pack 2 (SP2) for Windows XP. This update represents a fundamental change in many aspects of Windows XP...
Ford kills  #39;Everest #39; procurement software system AUGUST 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Despite four years in production and an investment of millions of dollars, Ford Motor Co. is pulling the...
Scientists Fear Malaysian Sea Turtles Threatened Scientists warn that the Malaysian populations of several species of sea turtles are on the brink of collapse and could disappear without urgent...
Hamm Becomes First US Gymnast to Win All-Round Olympic Title Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Paul Hamm out-scored South Korean Kim Dae Eun in the final exercise to become the first US gymnast to win the...
Return to Olympia worth long wait OLYMPIA  Amid the olive trees and just past the ancient ruins, on a hillside bathed in an unrelenting Mediterranean sun, 15,000 spectators from around the world...
Day 5 of Olympics Brings Gold for Some, Major Upsets for Others A total of 21 gold medals will be awarded on Wednesday at the Athens Olympics. Day five medals already awarded include archery, boating...
Radical Shiite Cleric  #39;Accepts Peace Plan #39; If the agreement is fulfilled  and al-Sadr has made contradictory statements in the past  it would resolve a crisis that had angered many of Iraq...
#39;9-11 helper driven by anti-Israeli beliefs #39; A Moroccan accused of helping the Sept. 11 suicide hijackers was part of a group that raged against the United States  quot;because it defends...
IBM: Do We Have a Deal? Speculation spreads that China's biggest computer maker will buy IBM's PC business. Also:  Clinton attends launch of Chinese search engine powered by AI   hellip;.  A new DVD...
Oil Falls to 3-Month Low on Mild Weather  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell more than a dollar to a  three-month low on Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped demand  in the heavy energy consuming...
Wal-Mart does the notebook price limbo The retailer trots out a portable PC for less than \$600. Is it getting ready for a laptop push for the holidays?
American Hamm Claims Men's Gymnastics All-Round Crown  ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm etched his name into the  record books as he became the first American man to win the  Olympic gymnastics all-round...
Egypt eyes possible return of ambassador to Israel CAIRO - Egypt raised the possibility Tuesday of returning an ambassador to Israel soon, according to the official Mena news agency, a move that...
Woods' Top Ranking on Line at NEC Invite (AP) AP - Tiger Woods already lost out on the majors. Next up could be his No. 1 ranking.
Nvidia To Power Next-Gen Sony Console Nvidia Corp. and Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. (SCEI) said Tuesday that the two companies are working together to deveop a graphics subsystem for Sony #39;s...
Mozilla Thunderbird Reaches 1.0 An anonymous reader writes  quot;Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 is now available for download on Mozilla #39;s FTP server. quot; Here is the press release announcing the...
NASA Seeks Methods to Repair Shuttles in Flight NASA is hoping techniques that would enable a crew to repair damages to a space shuttle in flight will be ready for the shuttle #39;s planned May 2005...
Trend Micro offers cellphone, PDA security CUPERTINO, Calif., Dec. 7 - Trend Micro has announced the availability of Trend Micro Mobile Security, providing antivirus and anti-spam protection for SMS...
Regulators clear Google flotation US regulators approve documents relating to Google's flotation, clearing the way for its market debut.
Mexican car workers stage walkout Workers at a Volkswagen factory in Mexico, which manufactures VW's New Beetle model, have gone on strike over pay.
Heavy rains force another helicopter rescue operation in Britain (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - More than 50 people were rescued by a naval helicopter Wednesday after two landslides...
Sharon's Party Bars Bid for Coalition on Gaza Plan  TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party voted on Wednesday to bar him from forming a  coalition with the Labour...
Update 1: Sprint Signs \$3 Billion Wireless Pacts Sprint Corp. said Tuesday it reached multi-year agreements totaling \$3 billion with Lucent Technologies Inc., Motorola Inc. and Nortel Networks Corp.
Group: Hurricane may cost insurers \$7.4B NEW YORK -- Hurricane Charley will likely cost insurers at least \$7.4 billion, according to the Insurance Institute, an industry trade group that based its...
Medtronic Quarterly Net Up CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its quarterly earnings rose on brisk demand for devices that manage irregular heart...
Viagra introduces its latest celebrity backer: the devil Gone are the days when coyness ruled the marketing of the drug that helps the condition that men find hard to talk about. In a Madison Avenue...
LA parking company lands contract renewal with ABIA Los Angeles-based Ampco System Parking has received a multi-year contract renewal with Austin-Bergstrom International Airport.
Our most vulnerable citizens don #39;t belong in hurricane danger zones HILTON HEAD, SC  Hurricane Charley demonstrated last weekend why some of the nation #39;s most vulnerable folk - the ill, the...
US Cyclists Capture Three Medals ATHENS, Greece - Tyler Hamilton #39;s greatest ride capped the finest Olympic day for US cycling, which won three of the six medals awarded in Wednesday #39;s road...
American Hamm Claims Men #39;s Gymnastics All-Round Crown ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm etched his name into the record books as he became the first American man to win the Olympic gymnastics...
Cooke Vows to Learn Athens Lesson Nicole Cooke could ride in four or more Olympics but the pain of her first will always be with her. After finishing just outside the medal placings in Sunday #39;s...
US Women Shatter Olympic 800-Meter Freestyle Relay Record The United States has shattered a 17-year-old world record in the women #39;s Olympic 800-meter freestyle relay.
Reid opens his Ireland account Wanted man Andy Reid did his market value no harm by grabbing his first Republic of Ireland goal against Bulgaria at Lansdowne Road tonight.
Sadr agrees to lay down arms Iraq #39;s rebel Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr accepted a peace plan to lay down arms and join a Baghdad conference forming an interim national assembly.
Karzai Sworn in as Afghanistan's President  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was sworn in as  Afghanistan's first popularly elected president Tuesday,  promising to bring peace to the war-torn nation...
Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting  GAZA (Reuters) - Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli  soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since  Yasser Arafat's death,...
Ukraine in Turmoil as Agreement Crumbles  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing leader denied  on Tuesday he had agreed on concessions with his opponents to  end a crisis that has plunged the...
After Bell: Synopsys Falls, CACI Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Synopsys Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SNPS.O...
U.S. Treasury Debt Prices Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices dropped on  Wednesday as the market succumbed to profit-taking after  racking up sizable gains over the past month.
Intuit Posts Wider Loss on Acquisitions (AP) AP - Intuit Inc., the maker of TurboTax tax-preparation software and QuickBooks accounting programs, posted a wider loss in its latest quarter on...
US deaths in combat near 1,000, Iraqi PM meets Putin BAGHDAD (AFP) - The number of US soldiers killed in combat in Iraq neared 1,000 after a spike in violence, as Prime Minister Iyad Allawi prepared...
Samsung network aims to keep Olympics on track Cell phones and special network let officials, reporters access info on event results, medal counts, event cancellations and the like.
Wal-Mart offers sub-\$600 notebook The retailer trots out a bargain portable PC that packs Wi-Fi. Is it getting ready for a laptop push for the holidays?
Google gets IPO green light from SEC The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Wednesday gave its approval for Google to proceed with its initial public offering (IPO).
FBI Expects Violence at GOP Convention (AP) AP - The FBI anticipates violent protests at the upcoming Republican National Convention in New York but does not have enough evidence to move against any...
Army Deserter to Move to Japan Former US army sergeant Charles Robert Jenkins, who deserted to North Korea (news - web sites) four decades ago, said he decided to turn himself in to the US military...
Finnish teenagers come top again in school skills Finland has kept its place at the top of a survey measuring teenagers #39; educational skills, with schools in some Asian countries also among the...
Temporary Flight Caps Are Just That  quot;We #39;ve worked hard to balance the need to provide vibrant air service and grow the economy with the need to clear the skies over O #39;Hare, quot; said...
How Redmond Won Newham Microsoft chalked up a couple of government contract wins in the UK this week. But while Redmond touts total cost of ownership studies (TCO), an open source consultant says the...
Spruced up 64-bit Windows beta ready Microsoft on Wednesday made available the latest builds of its 64-bit version of Windows XP Professional and Windows Server 2003 Enterprise, that each features a...
Kuranyi gives Klinsmann debut win VIENNA, Austria -- Kevin Kuranyi scored a hat-trick as Germany began life under new coach Juergen Klinsmann with a 3-1 win in a friendly against Austria.
Hungary defeats Scotland GLASGOW, Scotland (AP) - Szabolcs Huszti scored two goals as Hungary defeated Scotland 3-0 on Wednesday in an international friendly.
Sadr agrees to end Najaf crisis NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a Shi #39;ite uprising has agreed to disarm his militia and leave one of the country #39;s holiest Islamic...
The Olympics - weapon of mass distraction As Australians watch their country #39;s flag being raised yet again in Athens, it can be imagined that no one is more pleased, nor more relieved, than Prime...
Japan Greets U.S. Army Deserter Jenkins (AP) AP - A North Carolina man who deserted the U.S. Army for North Korea nearly 40 years ago was greeted by cheering crowds Tuesday in his wife's hometown on...
Scottish landslides trap up more than 50 people (AFP) AFP - More than 50 people were airlifted to safety after landslides caused by violent rain trapped cars on a road in Scotland, just days after...
NewsView: Mosque Adds Problems for U.S. (AP) AP - The Bush administration is supporting the Iraqi government as it uses diplomacy and the threat of force to oust radical Shiite cleric Muqtada...
After the Bell: Shares of Synopsys Tumble  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Synopsys Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SNPS.O...
Earl Snyder Called Up to Help Red Sox (AP) AP - Earl Snyder grew up rooting for Red Sox outfielder Ellis Burks. Now he's sitting next to him.
U.S.: Al-Sadr Withdrawal Would Be Welcome (AP) AP - The Bush administration reacted suspiciously Wednesday to reports that the radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr had accepted a peace plan to end...
'Potential Development' in Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - In a surprise move Wednesday, the judge in Scott Peterson's murder trial postponed the cross-examination of Peterson's former mistress...
Stocks Close Higher Ahead of Google IPO NEW YORK - Investors shrugged off rising crude futures Wednesday to capture attractively valued shares, sending the Nasdaq composite index up 2 percent ahead...
Groups Try to Aid Elderly Charley Victims SARASOTA, Fla. - The devastation brought on by Hurricane Charley has been especially painful for an elderly population that is among the largest in the...
Radical Cleric Accepts Najaf Peace Plan NAJAF, Iraq - Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr accepted a peace plan Wednesday that would disarm his militia and remove them from their hideout in a...
Hamm Wins All-Around Gymnastics Title ATHENS, Greece - With his medal hopes all but gone after he hit the judges' table on his vault landing, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines...
Wen Ho Lee Reporters Held in Contempt WASHINGTON - A federal judge held five reporters in contempt Wednesday for refusing to identify their sources for stories about Wen Ho Lee, a former nuclear...
Egypt announces 'breakthrough' on Mideast peace (AFP) AFP - Key players in the search for Middle East peace have reached understanding on a plan that could lead to a comprehensive settlement.
MLB, players #39; union engage in steroid talks CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Major League Baseball players and owners are currently meeting to hammer out a deal that would toughen rules on steroid testing in...
NVidia to power Sony #39;s Playstation 3 Sony and nVidia are to co-develop a graphics engine to power graphics cards and entertainment consoles. The chip will be used in nVidia #39;s GeForce cards...
Oracle Unveils Standalone Business Intelligence Product Oracle Corp. on Monday introduced a standalone business intelligence product that #39;s designed to address a large portion of an enterprise...
Reading Feeds With Thunderbird The Mozilla Foundation today officially launched the Thunderbird email program - a companion to the Firefox Web browser. If you #39;re on a POP3 or IMAP email server,...
Weak demand behind Google price cut news analysis Google #39;s decision to cut back its public offering by as much as 30 percent represents a stinging rebuke for a deal once heralded as a surefire...
Oil Prices Set Another Record ARIS, Aug. 18 - Oil prices climbed above \$47 a barrel today, setting yet another record, after figures showed supplies in the United States were down for a third...
US airlines agree to cut flights at Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare CHICAGO, Aug 18 (Reuters) - US airlines have agreed to limit flights into Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare International Airport at peak periods...
Half of US Web Users Now on Broadband -- Report NEW YORK (Reuters) - More than half of all US residential Internet users reached the Web via fast broadband connections in July, outpacing use of...
It #39;s hip, it #39;s funky, it #39;s a PC made just for teens AUSTIN (Texas) - It is not your typical, humdrum, slate-coloured computer. Not only is the PC known as the  #39;hip-e #39; almost all...
Beckham:  #39;England needed this boost #39; David Beckham admitted England needed to prove a point by beating Ukraine in Wednesday night #39;s friendly at St James #39; Park.
Scotland V Hungary Player Ratings David Marshall  The Celtic goalkeeper continued his rapid rise to fame with his first international start. Blameless at the penalty and was given no chance with...
Lefty done for season with torn left flexor tendon PHILADELPHIA -- Andy Pettitte #39;s frustrating season officially came to an end Wednesday when the Houston Astros announced that the left-hander...
Bargain-hunting, Iraq deal push up US shares NEW YORK : US share prices surged on Wednesday as bargain hunting and news of a peace deal in the Iraqi city of Najaf overcame all-time high oil prices...
Pope #39;s French visit leaves debt France #39;s Roman Catholic Church has reported a 1.3m-euro deficit (\$1.6m) from a visit by the Pope to the southern shrine of Lourdes.
Five new moons for planet Neptune Five new moons have been discovered orbiting the giant planet Neptune.
Vonage: Dial 311 for city info Subscribers of the company's Net phone service can get information on park locations, public transit, and so on.
England, Germany Win Cup Qualifying Preps (AP) AP - Looking to rebound after poor showings in Euro 2004, England and Germany won tuneup games Wednesday in preparation for qualifiers for the 2006...
Dolphins Player Pleads Innocent to Assault (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins receiver David Boston pleaded innocent Tuesday to charges of assaulting a ticket agent at the Burlington International Airport in...
Hairston Out for Season The Orioles learn Wednesday that outfielder Jerry Hairston will be lost for the season with a broken left ankle.  Hairston was injured crashing into the outfield wall Tuesday...
Delta seeks permission to buy back certain bonds NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it was asking permission to buy back debt from about...
Briefly: Vonage users dial 311 for city info roundup Plus: Mozilla makes Japanese push...Macromedia offers Flash video tool...UTStarcom wins Indian IP gear contract.
IBM chalks up two health care wins The deals with a university medical center and a California health care provider come two weeks after a win with the Mayo Clinic.
Results of Presidential Campaign Polls (AP) AP - Results of recent polls on the presidential race. Listed above each set of results is the name of the 2000 winner in a given state, the organization...
Crowd Inspires Greek Beach Volleyballers; US Duo Ousted ATHENS (Reuters) - A roaring crowd helped inspire Greece #39;s top women #39;s beach volleyball team to trounce China on Wednesday and reach...
Golfer Ryan Baca Misses Cut at US Amateur MAMARONECK, NY - Baylor senior Ryan Baca (Richmond, Texas) finished tied for 128th with a 36-hole total of 155 at the 104th US Amateur golf championship at...
Sharon #39;s party rejects coalition bid TEL AVIV (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s Likud party has voted to bar him from forming a coalition with the Labour opposition, an...
Arafat Admits Mistakes, Slow on Palestinian Reform RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian President Yasser Arafat made a rare admission of mistakes on Wednesday and urged reforms to end...
African Union pledges to send more troops to Darfur KIGALI,Rawanda, Aug 18, 2004 (RNA)-- The African Union has pledged to send more troops to Darfur, Sudan, to protect civilians in case militias...
Study: Global Warming Could Affect Calif. (AP) AP - Global warming could cause dramatically hotter summers and a depleted snow pack in California, leading to a sharp increase in heat-related deaths...
New Bird Species Found in Philippines (AP) AP - Filipino and British wildlife researchers say they've stumbled upon what appears to be a new species of flightless bird found only on the tiny forested...
Briefly: IBM chalks up two health care wins roundup Plus: Vonage users dial 311 for city info...Mozilla makes Japanese push...Macromedia offers Flash video tool.
Freddie Mac Says May Face SEC Action (Reuters) Reuters - Mortgage finance company Freddie\Mac (FRE.N) on Wednesday said it may face civil action from the\U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for...
Freddie Mac Says May Face SEC Action  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Mortgage finance company Freddie  Mac &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FRE.N...
GOP Incumbent Wins Wyo. Primary for House (AP) AP - Incumbent Republican Rep. Barbara Cubin easily fended off four GOP challengers to earn a shot at a sixth term in November's general election.
SEC Gives the Thumbs Up to Google #39;s IPO Earlier Wednesday, Google cut the range of its IPO price to \$85-\$95 per share from \$108-\$135 per share and the number of shares that will be sold from...
AUSTRALIA PRESS: Murdoch Drums Up Support For US Move SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--News Corp. (NWS) Chairman Rupert Murdoch said there was  quot;no choice quot; but to change the media giant #39;s domicile to...
Delta CEO presents long-awaited plan to board CHICAGO, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Chief Executive Gerald Grinstein presented his long-awaited plan for the airline #39;s future to board...
Parmalat Sues Grant Thornton and Deloitte Italian-based Parmalat is suing its former auditors -- Grant Thornton International and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu -- for billions of dollars in damages....
Broadband Reaches Critical Mass Nielsen//NetRatings is reporting that broadband connections for the first time reached 51 percent of the American online population at home during the month of July,...
Compuware Blasts IBM #39;s Legal Tactics Two years ago, IBM was ordered to produce the source code for its products, which Compuware identified as containing its pirated intellectual property. The...
A brighter Outlook? The start-up company made its retail debut Wednesday with You Perform, a collection of more than a dozen add-ons for Outlook, the widely used e-mail and calendar application...
Five new moons for planet Neptune Five new satellites - and one candidate moon - have been discovered orbiting the giant planet Neptune, bringing its tally of moons to 13.
Ford Drops Oracle-based Purchasing System Ford Motor Co. on Wednesday said it has scrapped a 5-year-old project to move suppliers over to an Internet-based purchasing system powered by Oracle Corp....
Pakistani firms answer call for cell phones Tens of thousands of Pakistanis endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept an offer of free mobile phone connections, a sign of the pent-up demand...
UPI NewsTrack Sports ATHENS, Greece, Aug. 18 (UPI) -- Paul Hamm produced an amazing comeback Wednesday night to become the first American male to win the Olympic gymnastics all-around gold medal.
Historic return but how much has it all changed? The occasion was clearly too much for Kristin Heaton, the first athlete for 1,611 years to compete at the original Olympic Games venue of Olympia. The...
England Beats Ukraine in World Cup Soccer Warm-Up (Update1) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Shaun Wright-Phillips scored in his international debut as England beat Ukraine 3-0 in a warm-up for soccer World...
Naked ambition finally earns reward for Williamson For eight years Alison Williamson has been all too aware that the only time she imposed herself on the national consciousness was when she posed...
Doubts over Sadr peace deal The radical Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr was reported last night to have accepted a peace deal that could end the violent two-week uprising in Najaf and see his militia...
Typhoon Megi claims six lives Heavy rains from Typhoon Megi pounded Shikoku island in western Japan, killing at least six people, the Mainichi Shimbus reported Wednesday.
Freddie Mac May Face SEC Civil Action  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Freddie Mac &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FRE.N...
IBM tightening Eclipse, Java, Linux links IBM on Thursday will announce the release of a free tools bundle for Eclipse to make it easier to deploy Java applications on Linux.
Callahan Gets 'Fresh Start' With 'Huskers (AP) AP - Ten days after getting run out of Oakland, Bill Callahan walked into Lincoln and took over one of the nation's most high-profile college football...
Security aide says US will be stronger in Korea after troop withdrawal (AFP) AFP - US national security advisory Condoleezza Rice said that US military power on the Korean peninsula will be stronger...
Oil soars above 47 on US supply jitters PARIS Oil prices climbed to another high on Wednesday after figures showed US crude supplies were down for a third straight week while a report from OPEC...
Barclays set to purchase credit card company LONDON Barclays said Wednesday it would buy the US credit card company Juniper Financial for \$293 million as part of its international expansion plan.
Bank Of America Layoffs Effect Fleet Banks Employees Bank of America acquired Boston-based Fleet Financial Corporation last Spring -- promising at the time there would be no job cuts from the merger.
Fuel surcharges grow LONDON Air France and its unit KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, as well as British Midland Airways, announced new fare surcharges on Wednesday as a result of higher fuel costs. They...
Inflation slows across euro region BRUSSELS Inflation in the 12 countries sharing the euro slowed for a second month in July as faltering consumer demand deterred companies from passing on rising...
Microsoft delays upgrade REDMOND, Washington Microsoft has delayed the automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional computer operating system, citing a desire to...
Half of US web users use Broadband internet connection A small majority of US Internet users are connected with broadband service for the first time. 51 percent of home Internet connections are...
Mars Hills, Crater Yield Evidence of Flowing Water LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The hills of Mars yielded more tantalizing clues about how water shaped the Red Planet in tests by NASA #39;s robotic...
Compuware asks court to sanction IBM An emergency motion was filed Friday the 13th of August in US District Court of Eastern Michigan, Compuware said that IBM failed to provide essential evidence,...
Microsoft Previews 64-Bit XP, Promises No Price Hikes It posted a free beta version, and said the new edition would be priced at the same level as the 32-bit edition.
Less Outlook clutter with new add-on Toolkit You Software, a small Oregon based company, released a set of add-on tools for Microsoft Outlook, an e-mail client, on Wednesday.
Brazil hit Haiti for six in Peace Match PORT-AU-PRINCE, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Ronaldinho scored a hat-trick as world champions Brazil cantered to a 6-0 win over Haiti in a friendly dubbed the Peace...
Berlusconi shrugs off fears of new terror threat after Sardinia bomb scare Silvio Berlusconi brushed off fears yesterday of a fresh terrorist threat in Italy, insisting he would finish his holiday in...
Death toll of Salvadoran jail riot rises to 30 MEXICO CITY, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- A riot taking place Wednesday at La Esperanza Jail, in Mariona, in the outskirts of El Salvador,left a toll of 30...
Iraqi group threatens to kill missing journalist BAGHDAD - A militant group has released a video saying it kidnapped a missing journalist in Iraq and would kill him unless US forces left Najaf within...
Medtronic Net Up on Higher ICD Sales  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MDT.N&lt;/A&gt;...
Shielding Your Skin From the Summer Sun Americans have a passion for the great outdoors but often seem downright lackadaisical about protecting their skin from the sun's damaging rays. Myths about...
Health Highlights: Aug. 18, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----       Greek Athletes Who Missed Drug Test Quit Games     ...
Google Gets IPO Go-Ahead After rocky road to public offering, search engine proceeds--but what will it do with its windfall?
New Program Lets People Design 3-D Objects Programs for computer-aided design, or CAD, have been around for decades, but eMachineShop.com appears to be the first service that checks whether a design...
New Target Price Could Make Google a Bargain By MICHAEL J. MARTINEZ     NEW YORK (AP) -- The e-mail that popped into my inbox early Wednesday morning was the latest in a string of surprises in...
Pakistan's Ruling Party Claims Win in Vote (AP) AP - The ruling party claimed victory Wednesday in special elections designed to clear the path for Pakistan's finance minister to be elevated to prime...
Pope's French visit leaves debt France's Catholic Church posts a huge deficit after a weekend visit by the Pope to the southern shrine of Lourdes.
Corzine Indicates He Will Not Seek Governorship of New Jersey Senator Jon S. Corzine said that Gov. James E. McGreevey had told him he was determined to hold office until Nov. 15, removing the...
Stocks Near Flat; J J Pressures Dow  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Tuesday, with oil prices dropping below \$42 a barrel helping to  support markets, but Johnson   Johnson...
Google Gets IPO Go-Ahead (PC World) PC World - After rocky road to public offering, search engine proceeds--but what will it do with its windfall?
Bedrock in Mars' Gusev Crater Hints at Watery Past Now that NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Spirit is finally examining bedrock in the "Columbia Hills," it is finding evidence that water thoroughly...
Injuries Continue to Bedevil Cardinals (AP) AP - Arizona Cardinals defensive tackle Kenny King needs surgery on his right wrist and probably will miss the season, the latest hit to a team struggling...
Raptors Sign Center Loren Woods (AP) AP - The Toronto Raptors signed free agent center Loren Woods on Wednesday.
Heavy Rains Wash Out Mets-Rockies Game (AP) AP - Heavy rains washed out Wednesday night's game between the New York Mets and the Colorado Rockies before it ever started.
Venezuela Opposition Refuses Recall Audit (AP) AP - Maintaining that a failed referendum to oust Venezuela's president was rigged against them, opposition leaders Wednesday refused to participate in...
Bush Says Importing Medicines 'Makes Sense' if Safe (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush, facing growing\anger among senior citizens over the high cost of prescription\drugs and a virtual revolt by...
Ghana election draws strong turnout Snaking lines of hundreds of voters built up at balloting places across Ghana on Tuesday, as the first sub-Saharan country to gain independence voted for president.
#39;The world is more dangerous #39; The war on terror has made the world a more dangerous place, Pakistan #39;s president has said. General Pervez Musharraf said the world was  quot;absolutely quot;...
Finnish Students Rank #1 in the World Which country has the smartest students in the world? According to a study conducted by the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development, pupils in...
Australia  amp; New Zealand Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Andrew Mohl (left), chief executive of AMP Ltd., talks with Bloomberg #39;s Kevin Foley in Sydney about first-half profit, investment fees and the...
Nortel #39;s Accounting Under Investigation Nortel Networks is under investigation by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police for irregularities in past accounting practices. Announcement of the...
Freddie Mac faces SEC action LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Freddie Mac, the No. 2 US mortgage finance company, said Wednesday it may face civil action from the Securities and Exchange Commission for...
Bank of England Should Take a Breather at 4.75 Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- It #39;s time for the Bank of England to take a breather, chill out and learn to stop worrying about the ghost of inflation past.
Ford Drops Oracle-based Purchasing System Ford Motor Co. on Wednesday said it has scrapped a five-year-old project to move suppliers over to an Internet-based purchasing system powered by Oracle...
Seiko Epson unveils latest mini robot helicopter Japanese company Seiko Epson says it has developed a mini helicopter that is the lightest of its kind and can be used for lifesaving and surveillance.
Hamm bounces back after fall to talke gymnastic gold A fall on his vault landing sent Hamm stumbling into the judges #39; table and all the way down to 12th place in the all-around gymnastics final.
Team GB Hoping for More Olympic Success Team GB will be hoping for more of the same at the Olympics today after finally delivering on the big stage with a four-medal haul.
Paes-Bhupathi overcome injury scare and Federer Athens, Aug 19. (PTI):Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi overcame an injury scare and world number one singles #39; player Roger Federer of Switzerland...
Al-Sadr agrees to peace plan BAGHDAD, Iraq - Radical Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, whose militia has been fighting American and Iraqi forces for almost two weeks in Najaf, agreed Wednesday to...
Barghouti may be ready to quit PA race Jailed Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti may be close to withdrawing from the race for Palestinian Authority president. Hatem Abdel Kader, a member of Fatah #39;s
Bush speaks of 'Soviet dinar' in speech about Iraq (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush spoke of "the Soviet dinar," even though dinars are the Iraqi currency.
Google Lowers Expectations for Its Value (AP) AP - Google Inc. dramatically lowered expectations for the Internet search giant's value Wednesday ahead of its much ballyhooed coming out party in the...
End of the line for HP's Alpha The last processor of the chip family is due Monday, signaling the end of a dynasty that never was.
Hamm Wins All-Around Gymnastics Title (AP) AP - With his medal hopes all but gone after he hit the judges' table on his vault landing, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his...
Iraq Cleric Agrees to End Uprising, Fighting Rages On (Reuters) Reuters - A radical Iraqi cleric leading a\Shi'ite uprising agreed on Wednesday to disarm his militia and\leave one of the country's...
Wen Ho Lee Reporters Held in Contempt (AP) AP - A federal judge held five reporters in contempt Wednesday for refusing to identify their sources for stories about Wen Ho Lee, a former nuclear weapons...
Sharon's Party Rebels, Imperils Gaza Pullout Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  Likud party has dealt a serious setback to his plan to evacuate  occupied Gaza by...
Mozilla launching second act with e-mail client Editor #39;s Summary: The Mozilla Foundation has followed up on the recent success of its Firefox browser with a new open source e-mail client.
IMlogic unveils IM, P2P threat-detection network DECEMBER 07, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IMlogic Inc. and several partners today unveiled a new instant messaging  quot;threat center quot; clearinghouse...
Delta turnaround plan to include job cuts Delta Air Lines #39; much-awaited turnaround plan will include more job cuts at the ailing carrier, along with pay and benefits changes.
Firewall Protection Without the Conflicts . I understand that Microsoft #39;s Service Pack 2 for Windows XP, a new update, includes improved firewall protection. I currently use Norton Personal...
Worst-case scenario comes to pass for US tennis Second-ranked Andy Roddick overplayed this summer and hasn #39;t scored a big win since March and for the first time since she became a legitimate pro,...
Americans Smash Last East German Swim World Record ATHENS (Reuters) - The last long-course world swimming record held by now discredited Communist East Germany was finally consigned to history by an...
Expos #39; Move Remains Undecided ommissioner Bud Selig #39;s three-year contract extension, the start of a television network and a World Cup tournament are likely to gain overwhelming approval from...
Montreal end Giants run Montreal Expos ended the San Francisco Giants #39; six-game winning streak with a 6-2 victory on Wednesday.
Arafat admits he has made many mistakes Yasser Arafat, the Palestinian leader, issued an unprecedented mea culpa yesterday, admitting that he had made mistakes and promising to rectify them.
Nepal closes for business as Maoist blockades cut off capital Threats from Maoist rebels in Nepal brought business in the Himalayan kingdom to a halt yesterday, as traffic blockades kept supplies...
Typhoon lashes southern Japan; 8 dead TOKYO -- Heavy rain fueled by a typhoon lashed southern Japan, leaving eight people dead and causing landslides and blackouts, officials said Thursday. Two...
Regulators to Widen Mutual Fund Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Misconduct in the U.S. mutual fund\industry is not limited to fund share trading; it's not even\limited to funds, say market regulators.
Third-Quarter Productivity Slows to 1.8 The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.8 percent annual rate in the third quarter, the slowest pace in nearly two years, the government reported...
Lindows postpones IPO indefinitely Lindows, the Linux-based software developer best known for its legal battles with Microsoft Corp., has indefinitely shelved its plans to become a publicly traded...
Credit Suisse to merge CSFB Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank, plans to combine its Credit Suisse First Boston (CSFB) securities unit with its banking business in the next...
Sharon seeks support for planned coalition; Gaza violence kills &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon tried to rally support for the building of a new coalition...
The Investment Column: BHP buoyed by China recovery Like the big oil companies, the world #39;s mining majors are experiencing an embarrassment of riches due to very high commodity prices. BHP...
Barclays buys US credit card firm Barclaycard, the UK #39;s largest credit card provider, moved closer to making its first steps in the US market yesterday as its parent group, Barclays, snapped up...
Medtronic Net Up on Higher ICD Sales CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand for devices that...
End of the line for HP #39;s Alpha Hewlett-Packard will release its final Alpha processor on Monday, the beginning of the end for a chip dynasty that never was.
Greek pair jump to avoid push The Greek sprinters Kostantinos Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou  facing sanctions after missing drugs tests  quit the Games yesterday to avoid the humiliation of being...
Soccer: Beckham and Owen lead England to World Cup warm-up win NEWCASTLE, ENGLAND - England deservedly beat Ukraine 3-0 today in their only soccer  quot;friendly quot; before the start of their 2006...
Ueno lifts Japan to most judo gold ever ATHENS (Kyodo) Masae Ueno captured the women #39;s 70-kg gold medal, but Hiroshi Izumi had to settle for silver in the men #39;s 90-kg in the judo competition...
A Note to Lula: Haiti Is in Brazil The English writer George Orwell once expressed doubts about the wisdom of sports contests as a way of bringing nations together. He was writing during the Cold War...
Wilkinson to raise the bar Sir Clive Woodward yesterday joined the chorus of acclaim that greeted Jonny Wilkinson #39;s return to action on Tuesday night after eight months on the sidelines with a...
Sharon Rebuffed by Party, as Arafat Admits Making Mistakes AMALLAH, West Bank, Aug. 18 - The leaders of Israel and the Palestinians faced deep dissension in their constituencies on Wednesday, with...
Bomb Is Defused Near a Villa Where Berlusconi Met With Blair OME, Aug. 18 - The police defused a bomb early Wednesday morning in Porto Rotondo, Sardinia, the town where hours earlier Prime Minister...
El Salvador Prison Battle Kills 31 Inmates SAN SALVADOR (Reuters) - Rival groups of inmates battled with guns, grenades and machetes at a prison in El Salvador on Wednesday, killing at least 31...
Eight dead as typhoon brings heavy rain to southern Japan Eight people are dead and two are missing in southern Japan because of heavy rain brought by a typhoon.
Vaughan banks on attack ENGLAND captain Michael Vaughan said today that he expects an evenly matched series with South Africa but suggests his bowlers hold the key.
Paris Remembers Jewish Detention Camp (AP) AP - A celebration marking Paris' 60th anniversary of its liberation from Nazi Germany is planned next week. But nothing official was planned for a more...
Colombia reverses hostages stance Colombia offers to exchange jailed rebels for hostages held by Farc militants - a reversal of earlier policy.
Poll: Voters Eyeing National Security WASHINGTON - Concern about national security is dominating public attention in the final months of the presidential campaign because of continuing fears of...
Johnson and Johnson Looks to Buy Guidant Johnson and Johnson is in negotiations to acquire Guidant, one of the largest American makers of devices to treat heart and circulatory illnesses.
EU Appeal to US to bring up Dollar European Central Bank President Jean- Claude Trichet joined European finance ministers in appealing to the US to stem the decline of the dollar, warning that the...
Putting the PC in the PRC IBM may need to do some creative deal making in order to sell PC business to China #39;s Lenovo. By Robert Cyran, Breakingviews. LONDON (Breakingviews) - It #39;s no...
Freddie Mac May Face SEC Action (Reuters) Reuters - Freddie Mac (FRE.N), the No. 2 U.S.\mortgage finance company, on Wednesday said it may face civil\action from the U.S. Securities and Exchange...
Mars Rovers Find More Evidence of Water (AP) AP - The twin Mars rovers have found a wonderland of weird rocks and enticing dunes along with more evidence the Red Planet once had water, NASA...
Nestle #39;s 1st-Half Net Profit Hits \$2.28B VEVEY, Switzerland Aug. 18, 2004  Nestle SA posted a modest 2 percent increase in profits for the first half of the year as it faced such challenges as...
Google Inc. says its initial public shares are priced at \$85 each SAN JOSE, Calif. (CP) - Google Inc. says its initial public shares are priced at \$85 each, at the low end of the Internet search...
Pakistan Mobile Phone Firms Vie for Pent-Up Demand ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Pakistanis endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept an offer of free mobile phone connections,...
A quick getaway: Greek sprinters beat expulsion by walking out on the games The final curtain yesterday came down on the Greek tragedy which has overshadowed the first week of the Athens Olympics...
Pettitte out for the season PHILADELPHIA -- Andy Pettitte #39;s first year as a non-Yankee ended yesterday in appropriately depressing fashion: His team was here at Citizens Bank Park, and he was...
Canadian Allenby, NCAA champion Moore advance at US Amateur golf event MAMARONECK, NY (CP) - NCAA champion Ryan Moore and Canadian James Allenby were among 32 golfers who advanced with match-play...
Australia #39;s Downer Calls on North Korea to Attend Nuclear Talks Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said he used his visit to North Korea to call on the communist...
Lourdes needs manna from heaven The Catholic shrine of Lourdes yesterday opened a special bank account and appealed for donations from the faithful after it emerged that last weekend #39;s visit by...
Google IPO Prices at  #36;85/share - Source (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc.'s GOOG.O initial\public offering of 19.6 million shares priced at  #36;85 each, the\low end of their projected range, a...
Google IPO Prices at \$85/share - Source  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc.'s GOOG.O initial  public offering of 19.6 million shares priced at \$85 each, the  low end of their projected range, a...
Google's Insiders Strike It Rich With IPO (AP) AP - Lots of people are hoping to get rich off Google Inc.'s stock now that the online search engine's IPO is finally completed. Here's a look at some...
Car-Tracking Device Trades Privacy for Dollars (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: A device using GSM/GPS wireless that reports your car's wherabouts #151;which is in pilot testing for a British...
Lindows Backs Out of IPO (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Fresh out of its  #36;20 million settlement with Microsoft, the company says it "won't be forced into a cut-rate IPO by a fickle stock market."...
More evidence of Martian water NASA #39;s Mars rovers have uncovered more tantalizing evidence of a watery past on the Red Planet, scientists said Wednesday. And the rovers, Spirit and Opportunity,...
Alison Williamson takes bronze to hit her Olympic target after 12 years Inspired by the magnificent surroundings of the Panathinaiko stadium and assisted by a gust of wind and a police siren, the...
ATHENS OLYMPICS 2004 / Ueno wins Japan #39;s 5th judo gold Masae Ueno will certainly have a tale to tell when she gets back to her Tokyo office. Ueno joined the parade of Japanese Olympic judo...
Pitcher presumably suffered injury on two-run single PHILADELPHIA -- Considering the number of times Andy Pettitte and Roger Clemens were mentioned in the same breath this year, perhaps it #39;s only...
Wilkinson #39;s form cheers Woodward The optimism felt by Jonny Wilkinson following his successful comeback for Newcastle in Galway this week was echoed yesterday by a buoyant Sir Clive Woodward, who...
Football: Early Case Of Liver Damage LIVERPOOL unveiled new signing Antonio Nunez yesterday - but just a few hours later he was lying in agony on the treatment table. The Spaniard - who joined from...
Streaking Red Sox Flutter by Blue Jays 6-4 (AP) AP - Tim Wakefield pitched eight strong innings and the Boston Red Sox moved a season-high 15 games over .500 with a 6-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays...
Sadr agrees to end Najaf crisis: Iraqi delegates BAGHDAD, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said on Wednesday that radical Shiite cleric Moqtada...
Radical group plants bomb near Blair holiday villa THE threat to leading politicians from terrorist attack was underlined yesterday when extremists were able to plant a bomb close to the Sardinian...
Sharon loses crucial party vote Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, suffered a massive blow to his project to withdraw from settlements in the Gaza Strip last night when his party refused to...
Summit declares Burundi Hutu FNL rebels  #39;terrorists #39; DAR ES SALAAM - African leaders on Wednesday declared  quot;a terrorist organisation quot; the rebels who claimed the slaughter of at...
Profit rises at Chinese mobile giant China Mobile (Hong Kong), the world #39;s largest cellphone operator ranked by customers, said Wednesday that profit rose 7.8 percent in the first half of this...
Freddie Mac May Face SEC Action WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Freddie Mac (FRE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 2 US mortgage finance company, on Wednesday said it may face civil action from the US...
Intuit 4Q Loss Widens on Charge MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (AP)--Intuit Inc. #39;s loss widened for the fourth quarter ended July 31, hurt by slower seasonal sales of the company #39;s tax and finance...
Techs Lead Tokyo Stocks Up  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average added 0.8 percent  by midday on Thursday as tech issues got a lift from a rally on  the Nasdaq, but gains were capped and trading...
US Airways' Grim Warning If US Airways files for bankruptcy a second time, its chairman says, there will be no outside investor, other airline or government aid to rescue it.
Alaska Researchers Try to Breed Rare Ducks (AP) AP - Researchers at the Alaska Sealife Center are getting an education in the sex lives of a rare sea duck species that is disappearing from its...
IBM center gives partners a Linux playground A new set of offerings formed with the expansion of the IBM Virtualization Center has a distinct Linux flavor, including an online  quot;how to quot;...
Giants Rout Expos for Doubleheader Split (AP) AP - Barry Bonds homered for the third time in two days to help lead the San Francisco Giants to a 14-4 rout of the Montreal Expos in the second game of...
U.S. Gymnast Goes From Oops to a Gold Medal With spectacular performances on his final two events, American Paul Hamm pulled out one of the biggest comebacks in Olympic gymnastic history.
Taylor Is Moving Closer A penchant for making big plays and the recent release of Ifeanyi Ohalete has ripped open the door for rookie Sean Taylor to claim a starting spot.
Cardinals Lose King Cardinals defensive tackle Kenny King will miss the season after undergoing surgery to repair tendons in his wrist on Wednesday.
Fong, First Asian-American Senator, Dies (AP) AP - Hiram L. Fong, a son of immigrants who overcame poverty to become a millionaire businessman and the first Asian-American elected to the U.S. Senate,...
Nigeria plans mission to Darfur as Sudan pledges to restore peace (AFP) AFP - Nigeria's President Olusegun Obasanjo called for lawmakers to approve the deployment of up to 1,500 peacekeeping troops...
'Better' head injury test devised Scientists develop an electronic device to test for serious head injuries.
Rebel in Najaf Sends Messages of Conciliation Moktada al-Sadr suggested he would vacate the shrine in Najaf, disband the Mahdi Army and transform it into a political party.
Kerry Criticizes President's Troop Plan Senator John Kerry said that the plan to move 70,000 troops out of Europe and Asia was ill-advised in view of the North Korean nuclear threat.
Winfrey, Jury Convict Man of Murder CHICAGO - A jury that included talk show host Oprah Winfrey convicted a man of murder Wednesday after a trial that turned into a media frenzy because of the...
O2 outlines 3G catch up strategy O2 has outlined its plans to catch up with 3G rivals Orange and Vodafone by rolling out what it claims will be Europe #39;s first super-fast 3G mobile data network.
Dell excludes UK from price cuts Dell is slashing prices on corporate IT solutions by up to 22, but only for US customers. The cuts come on the back of impressive trading figures and lower component...
Earliest Signs of Winemaking Found in China Neolithic people in China may have been the first in the world to make wine, according to scientists who have found the earliest evidence of winemaking from
Restated 2004 Nortel results set for release Nortel Network Corp. #39;s board of directors was scheduled to meet last night to approve financial data that will be released this morning, giving the...
Qantas profit takes off Australia #39;s dominant airline, Qantas, has nearly doubled its annual profits after recovering from the previous year #39;s Iraq war and SARS induced downturn.
Dream Team most unpopular athletes in Olympics These Dream Team impostors are jeered in Athens bars by Americans, booed in the arena by Greeks and the rest of the world, despised back home by people...
Ueno, Zviadauri take judo golds Two-time defending champion Masae Ueno earned Japan #39;s fifth gold medal in 10 judo events on Wednesday, extending her three-year undefeated streak in major...
Ichiro hit by pitch, leaves game KANSAS CITY -- Ichiro Suzuki, the hottest hitter in the Major Leagues since the All-Star break, was hit in the head by a pitch in the third inning Wednesday night and...
Late Nigerian Dictator Looted Nearly \$500 Million, Swiss Say ERN, Switzerland, Aug. 18 - Almost all of the nearly \$500 million frozen in Swiss bank accounts connected with the late Nigerian...
Anti spam bid canned The screensaver launched last week appeared to be a victim of its own success after it was believed over 100,000 people downloaded it within hours of Lycos Europe putting the...
Oracle pushes on BI DECEMBER 07, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle Corp. has unveiled Business Intelligence 10g, a stand-alone product that executives said will provide query, reporting...
Group Formed to Track, Thwart IM Threats A group of Internet security and instant messaging providers have teamed up to detect and thwart the growing threat of IM and peer-to-peer viruses and worms,...
Shuttle may fly without puncture repair kit NASA is working feverishly to return the space shuttle to flight in May 2005, but it may fly without the capability to fix cracks or holes of the type that...
Cisco, Fujitsu Ally on Router Sales in Asia The Asian market accounted for 9.4 percent of Cisco #39;s sales in the quarter ended October 30, down from 10 percent last year. The spread of high-speed...
Medtronic Net Up on Higher ICD Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N) on Wednesday\said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand\for devices that slow racing heartbeats,...
Royals Rally to Defeat Mariners 3-2 (AP) AP - John Buck hit a go-ahead two-run homer in the eighth inning to lead the Kansas City Royals to a 3-2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday night.
Ravens Wait for Sanders While Deion Sanders's return appears more and more imminent, the major remaining question is when the former star will join the Baltimore Ravens.
Study: U.S. Needs to Fight Medicare Fraud (AP) AP - Fraud in the  #36;300-billion-a-year Medicaid program is widespread and the federal government is not doing enough to combat it, congressional...
Sharon's Party Rebels, Imperils Gaza Pullout Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  rebellious Likud party has dealt a severe setback to his plan  to withdraw from...
Cost of Benefits Cited as Factor in Slump of Jobs A relentless rise in the cost of employee health insurance has become a significant factor in the employment slump.
Weak Demand Leads Google to Lower Its Sights Google slashed the number of shares and concluded its unorthdox online auction by accepting a price well below its original target.
Snyder Called Up to Help Red Sox (AP) AP - Earl Snyder grew up rooting for Red Sox outfielder Ellis Burks. Now he's sitting next to him.
U.S. Ties Jamaica 1-1 in Cup Qualifier (AP) AP - Brian Ching and Cobi Jones, a pair of substitutes, saved the United States against Jamaica on Wednesday night.
Activists Condemn FBI Tactics Before DNC (AP) AP - FBI interviews and surveillance of at least a dozen political activists in Kansas and Missouri prior to the Democratic National Convention amounted...
CORRECTED: Google Sells 19.6 Million Shares at \$85 Each  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.OQ...
Durazo Leads Athletics by Orioles 5-4 (AP) AP - Erubiel Durazo hit three homers and drove in all five of Oakland's runs, and Mark Mulder became the majors' first 16-game winner by pitching the...
China #39;s appetite boosts BHP BHP Billiton, the world #39;s biggest mining company, has doubled its profits in the second half of the year on the back of booming global commodity prices.
2 Big Carriers at O #39;Hare to Cut Flights HICAGO, Aug. 18 - The nation #39;s two largest airlines, American and United, announced on Wednesday that they would cut flights at O #39;Hare...
Production Grew, Prices Fell in July The nation #39;s factories cranked out more products in July, miners dug more minerals and builders broke ground on more homes, the government said yesterday in...
Citigroup #39;s  #39;7bn bond trade under investigation Citigroup, the world #39;s biggest bond broking firm, could face disciplinary action from the Financial Services Authority following an...
Mars Rover Finds Mysterious Rocks and More Signs of Water ith one Mars rover climbing into the hills and the other descending deep into a crater, scientists yesterday reported the discovery of...
Microsoft previews 64-bit XP, promises no price hikes Microsoft on Wednesday released public previews of the 64-bit editions of Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 as it changed the official names of...
Ian Thorpe wins bronze in 100 metres freestyle TONY EASTLEY: Ian Thorpe now has the full set of Olympic medals, winning bronze after coming surprisingly close in trying to win the Games treble  that...
US Gymnast Goes From Oops to a Gold Medal THENS, Aug. 18 - After a disastrous landing on the vault that sent him stumbling off the mat and nearly into the judges #39; laps, Paul Hamm thought his...
Hansen has an uphill struggle for breaststroke bronze ATHENS, Greece  Brendan Hansen is the swimmer who caught a wave and then lost it. He owns two world records and zero gold medals.
Sadr caves in to avoid assault THE radical cleric Muqtada al Sadr yesterday demonstrated once again his aptitude for self-preservation when he appeared to blink first in the stand-off with Iraqi and...
Top security as eight men appear in court on terror charges In a bombproof building, surrounded by police carrying sub-machine guns, the eight men charged with plotting chemical or radioactive...
UN urged to punish Burundian Hutu rebels AFRICAN leaders appealed to the United Nations Security Council yesterday to impose sanctions on the Burundian rebel group that claimed responsibility for the...
Charles to help flood victims THE Prince of Wales toured the flood-hit village of Boscastle yesterday - and pledged to make a  quot;substantial quot; donation to those facing a massive clean-up...
Oil Prices Set a New Record as Supply Falls Oil prices climbed above \$47 a barrel, setting yet another record, after figures showed that supplies in the United States were down for a third...
Google Sets Price of  #36;85 in  #36;1.67 Bln IPO (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. on Wednesday\said it priced its long-awaited initial public offering at  #36;85\per share, far below initial...
Rowand Powers White Sox Past Tigers 9-2 (AP) AP - Aaron Rowand homered twice  #151; including his first career grand slam  #151; and Jose Contreras won his third straight decision for Chicago in the...
Ching's Late Goal Rescues U.S. in Soccer World Cup Qualifier Although the visitors did not get a victory, the United States is still in a good position after what figured to be the most threatening...
Guantanamo Prisoner Goes Before Tribunal (AP) AP - A U.S. military panel heard the case Wednesday of a Guantanamo Bay prisoner accused of fighting for Afghanistan's ousted Taliban regime, as a U.S....
Astros' Clemens Leaves Game Against Phillies  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Houston starting pitcher  Roger Clemens left Wednesday's 9-8 win over Philadelphia with a  strained right calf.
Bomb Found in Town After Blair Visit (AP) AP - Police defused a time-bomb in a town near Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's villa on the island of Sardinia on Wednesday shortly after British Prime...
Typhoon Megi hits South Korea More than 2,400 people are evacuated as Typhoon Megi lashes the southern shores of South Korea.
XM, Sirius Land Deals With Toyota Rivals XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. and Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. on Tuesday traded hits in the intensifying race for new subscribers, separately announcing...
Employers Planned More Layoffs in Nov. Planned job cuts at US companies climbed during November, a report said on Tuesday, a further sign of sluggishness in the labor market.
Productivity Growth Slows, Sales Dip US business productivity grew more slowly in the third-quarter than first thought, a government report showed on Tuesday, with other economic indicators also...
Google share price falls short of predictions Internet search giant Google has priced its long-awaited initial public offering (IPO) at just under \$120 a share, far below initial expectations.
Murdoch  #39;to relaunch News deal #39; if loses poll SYDNEY - Media mogul Rupert Murdoch said in a Thursday newspaper interview he would take a second stab at uprooting his News Corp Ltd empire from...
Rush for free mobile connections Islamabad, Aug. 18 (Reuters): Tens of thousands of Pakistanis endured hours of stifling heat this week to accept an offer of free mobile phone connections, a sign of...
Phelps #39; gold haul dream not so bad BEIJING, Aug.19 (Xinhuanet) -- Michael Phelps has taken his haul of gold medals at the Athens Olympics to three after winning the 200 meters butterfly and...
Sharon defeated in crunch party vote BEIJING, Aug.19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has failed to garner the support of the Likud Party Convention for his resolution to negotiate...
Roger Clemens' Leg Injury Isn't Serious (AP) AP - Roger Clemens strained his right calf in the Houston Astros' 9-8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night, but the injury isn't...
Astros' Clemens Strains Calf, Leaves Game Against Phillies  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Houston starting pitcher  Roger Clemens left Wednesday's 9-8 win over Philadelphia with a  strained right...
El Salvador Jail Riot Kills at Least 31 (AP) AP - Rival inmates fought each other with knives and sticks Wednesday at a San Salvador prison, leaving at least 31 people dead and two dozen injured,...
S.Korea's Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father's Past  SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea's ruling Uri  Party resigned on Thursday after saying his father had served  as a military police...
Santana Sparkles As Twins Stop Yankees 7-2 MINNEAPOLIS - The last time he faced the Yankees, Johan Santana and the Minnesota Twins were knocked out of the American League playoffs.    This time,...
Nortel announces Sprint extension worth US\$1B; Lucent claims US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Sprint Communications Co. has again split big wireless network equipment contracts between...
Lenovo, IBM may soon reveal PC unit deal DECEMBER 07, 2004 (REUTERS) - China #39;s largest PC maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., could announce as early as today that it is buying control of IBM #39;s...
SEC gives Google approval for public offering The initial public offering once touted as the hottest Internet IPO in years may have lost some of its momentum. Google Inc. announced Wednesday it has...
Mars Rover Finds Evidence of Plentiful Water  quot;We have evidence that interaction with liquid water changed the composition of this rock, quot; said Steve Squyres of Cornell University, chief...
Telstra relaunches network reliability site Telstra has re-launched a section of its website that allows customers to see current and past network reliability, for the country and their own regions.
Zvidauri Wins Gold for Georgia ATHENS (Reuters) - After playing second fiddle at the last two World Championships, Georgia #39;s Zurab Zviadauri finally shook off his choker tag.
Brazilian Soccer Brings Joy to Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti, Aug. 18 -- So far this year, Haiti has endured an armed insurrection that killed 300 people and toppled a president, and floods that wiped...
Clemens #39; leg injury isn #39;t serious Roger Clemens strained his right calf in the Houston Astros #39; 9-8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night, but the injury isn #39;t...
Radical cleric now says he #39;ll leave holy shrine Moqtada al-Sadr, the radical Shiite cleric who has been involved in a two-week battle with US forces, has offered to leave a holy shrine in Najaf.
Eight terror suspects appear in British court Eight men charged with planning terrorist attacks in Britain and the US have entered no pleas in a British court guarded by some of the tightest security...
World Trade Center Insurance Payoff Increased by Jury A New York Jury ruled that the two planes that hit the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001 were two separate events instead of one which...
New media battle for Bafta awards The BBC leads the nominations for the Bafta Interactive Awards, including one for the Radio Times website.
Yukos 'hit with fresh tax demand' Russian authorities demand a further \$1.2bn in back-taxes from stricken oil firm Yukos, the Interfax news agency reports.
Athletics: Greek sprinters tested Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are given random drugs tests.
Karzai warns of Afghan dangers Hamid Karzai warns of the dangers of extremism and drugs as he is sworn in as Afghanistan's elected leader.
Google Raises \$1.67 Bln in Cut-Price IPO  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc., the most  popular Internet search engine, raised \$1.67 billion on  Wednesday in its long-awaited IPO after...
Yen Keeps Gains, Capped by Murky Outlook  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen kept most gains against the  dollar on Thursday after rallying to a four-week peak, but  investors saw no reason to push it higher...
Defense Says Dotson Incompetent for Trial (AP) AP - Psychological testing shows that the former Baylor University basketball player accused of gunning down one of his teammates is not competent to...
Crew Edges Wizards Kyle Martino's goal two minutes into injury time gives Columbus a narrow 2-1 victory over Kansas City on Wednesday night.
Saulnier Looking Strong Cyril Saulnier's 6-3, 7-6 victory over Gilles Elseneer on Wednesday continues a recent trend of superb play for the 29-year-old Frenchman.
Stocks Flat, J J-Guidant Deal Drags Dow  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Tuesday, with lower oil prices helping support markets, but  Johnson   Johnson &lt;A...
Broadband goes broader Early Internet entrepreneurs envisioned a day when consumers would devour short bites of entertainment on their computer screens delivered over the Internet by fat broadband...
Compuware Seeks  #39;Severe #39; Sanctions in Suit vs. IBM Compuware is seeking reimbursement for its  quot;substantial quot; efforts related to IBM #39;s failure to produce the software code, which...
Olympic Games The first Olympic Games were dedicated to the Olympian gods and were staged on the ancient plains of Olympia, famous for its magnificent temples of the gods Zeus and Hera. Take the...
Terror suspects go to court LONDON - Eight suspects, including a man the United States calls a senior al-Qaida figure, appeared in court under heavy guard yesterday as police investigated their...
S.Korea #39;s Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father #39;s Past SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea #39;s ruling Uri Party resigned on Thursday after saying his father had served as a military...
Holiday-Shopping Season Remains Sluggish  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. shoppers have kept a tight grip  on their wallets this holiday season with indices on Tuesday  showing sluggish sales in the second...
AL Wrap: Santana Solid on Mound as Twins Beat Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johan Santana pitched seven strong  innings to win his fifth straight start and Shannon Stewart  homered, had three hits...
Yankees Glimpse October, and It's Not Pretty On a night when Johan Santana was superb for the Twins, Mike Mussina was inconsistent in his first start since July 6.
Preview: day six Day six of the Olympics will see Great Britain's Nathan Robertson and Gail Emms go for gold in badminton.
Toppled Power Lines Are Posing a Herculean Task in Florida Five days after Hurricane Charley struck Florida, more than 400,000 customers still lack electricity.
Letters show Mandela as man of beneficence (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - In the 1980s, while in jail on Robben Island, Nelson Mandela wrote a letter to the wife of one of his prison guards. In...
Regulators to Widen Mutual Fund Probe  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Misconduct in the U.S. mutual fund  industry is not limited to fund share trading; it's not even  limited to funds, say market regulators.
Fiat's Trucks Unit Signs Deal With SAIC (AP) AP - Fiat SpA said Tuesday that its Iveco SpA trucks unit has agreed to develop a long-term partnership with Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp., one of...
Italy joins Greece in EU dock over dodgy data (AFP) AFP - Following embarrassing revelations over Greece's budget data, the European Union expressed alarm at the reliability of Italy's own deficit...
Proud Italy awaits La Scala opening with bated breath (AFP) AFP - Italy's cultural cognoscenti were waiting with bated breath for the reopening of the La Scala opera house, restored to its former...
HHS Buys 'Experimental' Glaxo Flu Vaccine (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. health officials on Tuesday\approved the importation of up to 4 million doses of influenza\vaccine made by GlaxoSmithKline  ,...
Gateway Says More PCs Available at Office Depot (Reuters) Reuters - Gateway Inc. (GTW.N) said on\Wednesday its personal computers would be widely available at\Office Depot. (ODP.N) in the latest move...
Gateway Says More PCs Available at Office Depot  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Gateway Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=GTW.N qtype=sym infotype=info...
NL Wrap: Bonds Homers Again as Giants Rout Expos (Reuters) Reuters - Barry Bonds hit his third home\run in two days to help the San Francisco Giants earn a split\of their doubleheader with a 14-4 win...
NL Wrap: Bonds Homers Again as Giants Rout Expos  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Barry Bonds hit his third home  run in two days to help the San Francisco Giants earn a split  of their doubleheader with a...
Singapore ban after bird flu case Singapore blocks imports of poultry and eggs from Malaysia, after an outbreak of potentially deadly bird flu.
HHS Buys 'Experimental' Glaxo Flu Vaccine  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. health officials on Tuesday  approved the importation of up to 4 million doses of influenza  vaccine made by GlaxoSmithKline...
Billie Jean King Retires as U.S. Fed Cup Coach  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Billie Jean King cut her final tie  with the U.S. Fed Cup team Tuesday when she retired as coach.
Hamas Militants Kill Israeli Soldier Hamas militants killed an Israeli soldier and wounded four with an explosion in a booby-trapped chicken coop Tuesday, in what the Islamic group said was a scheme
Delta Plans Job Cuts, Eyes Restructure  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc., the number three  U.S. carrier, plans more job cuts as it struggles to avoid  bankruptcy, Chief Executive Gerald...
Google Raises \$1.67 Bln in Cut-Price IPO NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Google Inc., the most popular Internet search engine, raised \$1.67 billion on Wednesday in its long-awaited IPO after...
Air Canada #39;s creditors approve plan READY TO FLY: The airline plans to emerge from court shelter on Sept. 30 -- if the justices overseeing its restructuring gives the OK at a hearing set for...
Phelps won #39;t top Spitz, but he is putting on the hits ATHENS, Greece If Mark Spitz had never lived, Michael Phelps would have done well to create him as a fictional character.
Leisure  amp; Arts One thing that the Olympics have always provided is that hardy perennial known as the  quot;feel-good story. quot; The sort of story in which, against all odds--and with undeniable...
Roger Clemens injures leg during Astros #39; 9-8 win over Phillies PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Roger Clemens helped himself at the plate, hurt his leg running the bases and spent the rest of the night...
Maoist rebels cut off Kathmandu Maoist rebels yesterday cut off routes into the Nepalese capital Kathmandu in their first blockade of the city since they launched their insurgency to overthrow the...
Schroder adopts Russian orphan Three-year-old Victoria, from St Petersburg, has been living at the Schroders #39; family home in Hanover in northern Germany for several weeks.
Keep talking, Downer urges N Korea Australia #39;s foreign minister pressed leaders in North Korea yesterday to remain involved in six-nation talks on its nuclear program, amid concerns that the...
Prince Charles Helps Boscastle Count the Cost Residents of Boscastle are counting the cost today of the damage estimated at millions of pounds caused by a freak downpour.
China Says Taiwan President's U.S. Stop 'A Trick'  BEIJING (Reuters) - China urged the United States on  Thursday not to allow Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian to set  foot on U.S. soil, describing...
Day Six preview Day six of the Olympics will see Great Britain's Nathan Robertson and Gail Emms go for gold in badminton.
Records Contradict Kerry Critic's Charges -Report (Reuters) Reuters - Military records contradict a\critic's charge that U.S. Democratic presidential hopeful John\Kerry did not come under fire during...
The SEC Could Still Slap Google Google has received the green light for its initial stock offering -- but not without ruffling a few feathers at the Securities  amp; Exchange Commission, which...
Oil Prices Rise to High As Demand Continues The price of oil hit another high yesterday, closing above \$47 a barrel as traders reacted to continuing concerns about supply disruptions from terrorism...
Nortel Discloses Canadian Criminal Probe Toronto (Aug. 19, 2004) -- Telecommunications equipment giant Nortel Networks Corp. announced this week that its past accounting practices, which are the...
Giving Investors a Say Like cicadas, debates about corporate governance pop up periodically with a great deal of whir and buzz. In 1992, for example, the business community protested Securities and...
Demand Helps CACI Profit Increase 56 CACI International Inc. said increased demand for its homeland security and intelligence services helped boost fourth-quarter profit by 56 percent over the same...
Computer Q amp;A: Tips on installing Windows XP SP2 It seems that Microsoft #39;s new upgrade to Windows is making some people nervous. That #39;s not surprising, as home and office computing...
Wireless Phones shipped to Pakistan TIRVINE (Calif. US): Hop-on Wireless Inc. said it has shipped an initial order of its tri-band (900/1800/1900 MHz) HOP1806 GSM handsets to a distributor in...
AL Wrap: Santana Solid on Mound as Twins Beat Yankees NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johan Santana pitched seven strong innings to win his fifth straight start and Shannon Stewart homered, had three hits and...
NKorea  quot;negative quot; over US offer on nuclear weapons: Australia HONG KONG : North Korea shows no sign of accepting US incentives to give up its nuclear weapons programmes, Australian Foreign...
At least four Georgian soldiers killed in separatist region clashes (AFP) AFP - At least four Georgian soldiers were killed and five wounded in overnight clashes in Georgia's separatist, pro-Russian...
Paes and Bhupathi beam in on Olympic glory (AFP) AFP - Indian pair Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi took another step nearer an elusive Olympic gold medal when they beat Zimbabwe's Wayne Black and...
Nestle #39;s profit hits \$3.1bn NESTLE SA, the world #39;s biggest food and drink company, posted a modest 2 per cent increase in profits for the first half of the year as it faced such challenges...
California sues Mirant, alleges energy scheme California sued Mirant Corp., a bankrupt US power producer, accusing it of rigging electricity markets during the 2000-2001 energy crisis that led to...
Spirit finds more evidence of water LOS ANGELES (AP)  The twin Mars rovers have found a wonderland of weird rocks and enticing dunes along with more evidence the Red Planet once had water, NASA...
Michael Phelps Seeks Fourth Swimming Gold Medal at Athens Games Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Swimmer Michael Phelps seeks his fourth gold medal of the Athens Olympics in tonight #39;s 200-meter individual...
The fields of the gods OLYMPIA, Greece  The competition was history. The time had come for everyone to leave, to follow the sun toward that narrow path lined with olive trees out of the stadium, a...
Record-breaking night ATHENS, Greece -- The world record was like graffiti on a masterpiece, a reminder of a sport #39;s dark past.
Sharon #39;s Gaza plan hinges on vote Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has lost a key vote which would have seen the dovish Labour Party join the government coalition and salvage his Gaza...
Eight terror suspects appear in UK court Eight suspects, including a man identified in the United States as a senior al-Qaeda figure, appeared in court under heavy guard, as police investigated an...
China Says Taiwan President #39;s US Stop  #39;A Trick #39; BEIJING (Reuters) - China urged the United States on Thursday not to allow Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian to set foot on US soil,...
Google Lowers Its Sights as Demand Proves Weak Google's final share price was \$85, far off the target range of \$108 to \$135 a share that the company projected last month.
Aziz Wins Pakistan Polls, Paving Way to Be PM (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani Finance Minister Shaukat\Aziz easily won a seat in parliament, clearing the way for him\to take over as prime minister next...
Aziz Wins Pakistan Polls, Paving Way to Be PM  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani Finance Minister Shaukat  Aziz easily won a seat in parliament, clearing the way for him  to take over as prime minister...
Despite itself, Google good for stocks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Forget the fact that the new definition of the verb  quot;to google quot; is: to blow an otherwise foolproof deal; or to miscalculate...
Airlines agree to limit O #39;Hare arrivals SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Major North American airlines agreed to a voluntary limit of 88 arrivals per hour for flights serving Chicago #39;s O #39;Hare...
Freddie Mac Receives Notice That It May Face Action by SEC Freddie Mac, the government-chartered mortgage company that restated earnings by \$5 billion, said yesterday that it might be the subject of...
Halliburton closes higher on Army #39;s decision to pay DALLAS (CBS.MW) -- Halliburton #39;s shares closed higher Wednesday after the Army Materiel Command reversed its decision to withhold 15...
Delta shares jump on pilot equity talk SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Delta Air Lines shares rose sharply Wednesday ahead of a Thursday meeting at which the carrier is expected to offer its pilots a stake...
More Management Changes at Credit Suisse Credit Suisse First Boston, the securities unit of the Credit Suisse Group of Zurich, replaced Adebayo O. Ogunlesi as head of investment banking with its...
Profit at Talbots Up 4.8 for 2nd Quarter Talbots, the clothing retailer, said yesterday that second-quarter profit rose 4.8 percent as sales increased and the company benefited from the resolution of...
Withdrawal for Greek sprinters ATHENS -- Two of Greece #39;s most famous athletes and their coach made their first public appearance here yesterday only to withdraw from the Olympic Games rather than...
Silver lining melts foul mood OLYMPIA, Greece -- US shot-putter Adam Nelson stood outside the throwing circle, his hands on the back of his head, his hopes just dashed by a foul on a throw that would...
High and mighty ATHENS -- He was dead and buried 6 feet under the landing mat, and he knew it.  quot;That #39;s it, I #39;m done, quot; Paul Hamm told himself last night, after he #39;d tumbled from...
Ching saves best for last KINGSTON, Jamaica -- Without one World Cup qualifier under his belt and only a pair of appearances for the US National Team to speak of, there stood Brian Ching at midfield...
US marines in tense Najaf standoff NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - US marines and a radical Iraqi cleric are locked in a tense standoff after the firebrand leader refused to leave a holy shrine in Najaf...
Burundi inching closer to ending long civil war BUJUMBURA, Burundi  Tiny Burundi has seen more than a decade of war, but events in the past few months suggest that it is closer than ever to wrapping...
Little progress in N Korea talks: Downer North Korea was reluctant to accept a United States plan to give up its nuclear program but would probably attend the next round of talks on the impasse,...
Western leaders waiting for African solutions to African wars JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, Aug 19, 2004 (AP) -- As the month-end deadline nears for Sudan to disarm the Janjaweed militias in Darfur,...
Sharon's Party Votes to Exclude Labor (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's own party handed him a stinging rebuke, banning him from adding the moderate Labor Party to his government to bolster a...
Tokyo Stocks Rise 1 Percent, Techs Lead  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average appeared headed  for its third straight day of gains on Thursday and was up one  percent by late afternoon as tech...
Google's share price set at 85 dollars (AFP) AFP - Google's share price has been set at 85 dollars in its initial public offering, a company spokeswoman said.
Google Sells Shares in IPO for \$85 After Cutting Price of Stock Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc., the most-used Internet search engine, sold shares at \$85 each in its initial public offering, the...
BHP Billiton to award shareholders Announcing record profit and revenue for the past year yesterday, global resources group BHP Billiton says it has decided to award a \$2bn bonanza to its...
Army wants Halliburton data on possible effect of withholding WASHINGTON - The US Army wants to know how a threatened plan to withhold \$60 million a month in a billing dispute might affect...
3 Directors at Cox to Study Bid by Parent to Take Unit Private ox Communications, the nation #39;s third-largest cable television operator, has formed a committee to consider the \$7.9 billion bid by...
Insurer lowers hurricane estimate Hurricane Charley, the worst storm to hit the US in over a decade, will cost insurers \$7.4bn (4bn;5.9bn euros).
Blackstone takes Prime Hospitality NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- The Blackstone Group agreed to buy Prime Hospitality Corp., which owns Wellesley Inn and AmeriSuites hotels, for \$790 million, including the...
Apple zombies attack RealNetworks REALNETWORKS #39; attempt to get Steve Jobs to open up its proprietary eyePods is getting attacked by Apple #39;s fanatical supporters.
Rover discovers clues of water on Mars surface After months of crossing a vast Martian crater floor and zigzagging up low-slung hills, NASA #39;s Spirit rover has spotted its first hint that water...
Cassini finds two more Saturn moons NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft has discovered two new Saturn moons, the smallest yet found among its dozens of natural satellites.
Hamm-dinger Gymnast comes back from 12th place to win The movie pitches, Letterman -- no, Leno -- the unending media requests, the book deals, surely the line is forming on the right for Paul Hamm.
Shot putters return to ancient site of first Games OLYMPIA, GREECE - It was a day when the actors took a back seat to the scenery, when the question of who won and who took part was not as...
Brazil beats Haiti as nations play for peace PORT-AU-PRINCE, HAITI - Brazil routed a weak Haitian team 6-0 Wednesday in an exhibition game aimed at promoting peace in the Caribbean country.
The educated say they #39;re at risk in Sudan OURE CASSONI, CHAD - She pulled tattered socks over her bony legs and stared at the ground, trying to hide the dirty, torn clothing she is so embarrassed...
Typhoon Hits Korea, Japan; Kills 9, Grounds Flights (Update1) Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Typhoon Megi churned through the Tsushima Straight dividing Japan and South Korea, leaving nine people dead and...
31 inmates die, dozens wounded at overcrowded Salvadoran facility SAN SALVADOR, EL SALVADOR - Rival inmates fought each other with knives and sticks Wednesday at a San Salvador jail, leaving at least...
Iran warns Israel on pre-emptive strikes Iran warned America and Israel last night that it was ready to launch pre-emptive strikes to stop them attacking its nuclear facilities.
Tokyo Stocks Rise as Techs Rally  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average climbed for a  third straight day on Thursday, rising over one percent as a  rally in New York boosted tech issues such as...
Dirty Campaign Tricks Now Serious Crimes (AP) AP - Election-year tactics like making anonymous phone calls or inventing make-believe groups to criticize the opponent now come with a higher price: the...
Oil Above \$47 After New Record  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices struck another record high  on Thursday and remained supported above \$47 by a fall in U.S.  crude stockpiles and threats by...
Greek pair await IAAF fate Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou's missed drugs tests will be investigated by the IAAF.
U.N. Remembers Colleagues Lost in Attack (AP) AP - United Nations employees called the attack on U.N. headquarters in Baghdad a year ago "our Sept. 11." The death toll of 22 may have been far lower...
Al-Sadr's Unclear Motives Muddle Efforts (AP) AP - What's clear about radical Iraqi cleric Muqtada al-Sadr is that he wants power, U.S. officials say. What's less certain is what he wants to do with...
Elmer Bernstein, Film Composer, Dead at 82 LOS ANGELES - Elmer Bernstein, the versatile, Oscar-winning composer who scored such movie classics as "The Ten Commandments,""The Magnificent Seven,""To...
United, American agree to  #39;de-peak #39; O #39;Hare Bowing to pressure from the US Department of Transportation, airlines that serve Chicago have agreed to cut the number of flights they send to O...
Singh could overtake Woods as No. 1 AKRON, Ohio  Vijay Singh can make official this week what most already believe: That he, not Tiger Woods, is the world #39;s No. 1 player.
Oil Above  #36;47 After New Record (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices struck another record high\on Thursday and remained supported above  #36;47 by a fall in U.S.\crude stockpiles and threats by...
Braves Edge Padres 6-5 (AP) AP - Andruw Jones hit a two-run homer off Trevor Hoffman in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves threw out the potential tying run at the plate for the final out...
Shaukat Aziz wins byelection, clears way to become Pakistan's prime minister (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FATEH JANG, Pakistan (AP) - Pakistan's finance minister took an important step toward...
Techs Lead Stocks Rally as Oil Sets High  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares rallied on Thursday,  with Taiwan jumping more than 3 percent, as technology issues  chased a rise in their U.S. peers and...
SUSAN TOMPOR: Now we #39;ll see if Google clicks Now Google-gawkers will start to discover if the much-hyped initial public offering was the great, equal-opportunity money maker for all mankind or...
Last Alpha chip to arrive on Monday HP IS TO release the final Alpha processor on Monday bringing to an end the chip that had a cult following for the last 14 years.
Remy International will sell its Williams Technologies unit Anderson (Star report) -- Remy International Inc. said Wednesday it has agreed to sell its US transmission remanufacturing operation,...
Giant waves hurling boulders inland from British coasts: scientists Massive waves created by violent storms off Britain and Ireland are ripping off chunks of cliff and hurling them inland over...
Sony PSP Pushed Back to June 2005? August 18, 2004 - CNN #39;s latest Game Over column suggests that Sony may delay the US release of the PSP to June 2005: Activision CEO Bobby Kotick told investors...
Two Greek sprinters withdraw ATHENS, GREECE -- Perhaps attempting to save their country further embarrassment and fearful of an impending ruling from the International Olympic Committee, two Greek...
Boot Room: At The Office KINGSTON, Jamaica -- An entire nation was a minute plus injury-time away from a massive party here Wednesday night. But when Brian Ching struck for his first international...
Fighting continues in Najaf At least five loud explosions have been heard near holy sites in the Iraqi city of Najaf. Sniper fire could also he heard coming from the area.
Anniversary of UN bombing puts spotlight on security problem for the United Nations UNITED NATIONS (AP) A year after the bombing of UN headquarters in Baghdad killed 22 people, the United Nations...
Oil Above \$47 After New Record SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices struck another record high on Thursday and remained supported above \$47 by a fall in US crude stockpiles and threats by insurgents in...
US Airways chairman says airline could face liquidation The chairman of US Airways, David G. Bronner, said Wednesday that its employees must agree to a third round of wage and benefit cuts worth...
Qantas posts record profit SYDNEY (Reuters) - Australia #39;s biggest airline Qantas has doubled its full-year profit on cost cuts and a pick-up in traffic, but the prospect of higher fuel costs has...
Major bank #39;s layoffs felt in Hudson Valley Bank of America began cutting jobs Wednesday but officials would not confirm how many or where. But a spokeswoman said cuts were occurring, and would...
Giant waves causing British boulder phenomena LONDON: Massive waves created by violent storms off Britain and Ireland are ripping off chunks of cliff and hurling them inland over distances scientists...
Now Schoeman grabs silver SILVER FOR SA: Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands, centre, the gold medallist, with South Africa #39;s Roland Schoeman, silver, left, and Australia #39;s Ian...
Moments of unforgettable Olympics Paul Hamm of the USA celebrates with his coach after scoring a 9.837 in the horizontal bar to claim victory in the men #39;s artistic gymnastics individual...
Saulnier Continues Strong 2004 Showing Seventh-seeded Cyril Saulnier advanced to his sixth ATP quarterfinal this season with a 6-3, 7-6 (7-2) victory yesterday over Gilles Elseneer in the Legg Mason...
Mickelson not giving up on award he wants Having captured the PGA Championship for his fifth victory of the season, Vijay Singh believes he has wrapped up player of the year awards barring an...
THE HOUR: When Time Isn #39;t on Israel #39;s Side Some 20 years ago, Ehud Olmert  now deputy prime minister of Israel, recently mayor of Jerusalem, back then a rising star in Israel #39;s right-wing...
Georgia Says Six Soldiers Killed in Rebel Region TBILISI (Reuters) - Overnight clashes killed six Georgian servicemen in the rebel South Ossetia region, which Tbilisi is trying to bring back under...
Megapixels Gone Mad? Sony's new Cyber-shot P150 raises the bar for high-resolution cameras at affordable prices.
Two Polish Soldiers Dead, Five Injured in Iraq -PAP (Reuters) Reuters - Two Polish soldiers were killed and five\injured in a road accident in Hilla after their patrol was\fired on near their Babylon...
'Breathing gene' cot death link Researchers have identified more genetic mutations that appear to be linked with cot death.
Gujurat riot retrial due to begin A fresh trial of Hindus accused of burning to death Muslims during the 2002 Gujarat riots is due to begin in Bombay.
SEC Orders Mutual Funds to Cease Incentive Pay The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday ordered mutual funds to stop paying higher commissions to brokers who promote the companies #39; funds....
Air Canada Stock Plummets on Review MONTREAL (Reuters) - Shares of Air Canada (AC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) fell by more than half on Wednesday, after the Toronto Stock Exchange said it was...
Parmalat sues ex-auditors MILAN (Reuters) - Parmalat is suing its former auditors Deloitte  amp; Touche and Grant Thornton, claiming damages of  quot;at least \$10 billion quot; and broadening a...
Japanese Stocks Rise for a 3rd Day; Asahi Glass, Daiei Advance Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Japanese stocks rose for a third day, as Asahi Glass Co. and Nippon Mining Holdings Inc. raised their earnings...
Mbeki deal holds out new hope for Ivory Coast South African President Thabo Mbeki concluded four-day talks with all parties in the Ivory Coast conflict on Monday, announcing that agreement on a...
Musharraf: Speed up Iraq exit plan LONDON, England -- The US-led coalition must speed up its  quot;exit strategy quot; from Iraq by accelerating the training of local security forces, Pakistani...
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Atlanta at Los Angeles (10:10 p.m. EDT). The National League division leaders meet in the opener of a four-game series.
Report Expected to Blame 24 in Iraq Abuse WASHINGTON - Two dozen people will be blamed by an Army investigation into the abuse of inmates at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison, says a senior defense official. ...
Marlins Defeat Dodgers 6-4 LOS ANGELES - Pinch-hitter Lenny Harris delivered a three-run double off Eric Gagne with two outs in the ninth inning, rallying the Florida Marlins past the Los Angeles...
Irish eyes WE stand on the brink of a historic agreement on Northern Ireland. (Depending on how fast events move today, by teatime we could be celebrating an established fact.
File-sharing not a threat to musicians and artists Internet file sharing has been one of the hottest-burning controversies for years. A new survey of musicians and artists promises to throw gas on...
Indian shares to notch long-term gains as global investors line up (AFP) AFP - Indian shares, Asia's second top performers last year, are poised for long-term gains as foreign investors buy into the...
Google IPO fails to find results it sought A humbled Google Inc. makes its market debut on the Nasdaq exchange this morning after raising \$1.67 billion in an initial public offering that fetched...
Small investors scared off by exercise in stock democracy This was supposed to be the people's IPO, an exercise in shareholder democracy that would serve as a model for other companies seeking to go...
Right- and left-click politics The 2004 presidential race ended last week in a stunning defeat for Massachusetts Senator John F. Kerry, as incumbent President George W. Bush cruised to an easy...
Big Dig jobs are nearing end of road More than a decade after thousands of construction workers began flocking to the Big Dig, Boston's \$14.6 billion roadway project is winding down -- and so are...
Johnson  amp; Johnson missing out on stent sales Johnson  amp; Johnson can't supply cardiac stents fast enough to capitalize on three recent recalls by archrival Boston Scientific Corp. , say...
Janus settles; tab is \$226m DENVER -- Janus Capital Group Inc. said yesterday it has finalized a \$226.2 million settlement with state and federal regulators over allegations of improper...
SEC tells funds to end perks The Securities and Exchange Commission ordered mutual funds to stop paying higher commissions to brokers who promote the companies' funds and required portfolio managers...
Delta says it will cut more jobs ATLANTA -- Struggling Delta Air Lines Inc. plans additional job cuts as part of its effort to avoid bankruptcy, chief executive Gerald Grinstein said yesterday in a...
Logan may benefit from fewer O'Hare flights WASHINGTON -- Flight reductions by 16 major airlines serving O'Hare International Airport -- the result of two weeks of talks with the Transportation...
Pact to organize workers expires at Verizon Wireless Verizon Wireless, the largest US mobile-phone operator, said a four-year agreement that would have made it easier for workers to join unions has...
Prepare for stormy weather with a 'disaster file' As we watched television coverage of Hurricane Charley last weekend, my wife and I reminisced about a time nearly two decades ago when we lived in...
Lindows delays planned offering SAN DIEGO -- Software vendor Lindows Inc. formally postponed its initial public offering yesterday, citing adverse market conditions.
Making most of momentum To Lynn Sand, the decision by 3Com Corp. to move its worldwide headquarters to Marlborough a year ago was a sure sign that Massachusetts can lure businesses with the best of...
IPod Music Player Winning Over Japan Fans (AP) AP - When Sony Corp. President Kunitake Ando showed off the new Walkman meant to counter the assault by Apple's iPod portable music player, he held the...
High and mighty He was dead and buried 6 feet under the landing mat, and he knew it.  quot;That's it, I'm done, quot; Paul Hamm told himself last night, after he'd tumbled from first to 12th with a...
Gagne blows his 2d save Pinch-hitter Lenny Harris delivered a three-run double off Eric Gagne with two outs in the ninth, rallying the Florida Marlins past the Dodgers, 6-4, last night in Los Angeles.
Millar gladly takes the fifth With each passing day, with each frozen rope he's been lacing, Kevin Millar has been sending a clear message to American League managers: Go ahead and walk David Ortiz....
Sweeping sensation The jarring image of a brooding David Ortiz angrily snapping his maple bat over his knee?
Purpose pitch  It's a pitch she's been waiting 32 years to make. So when Maria Pepe, a skinny, stony-hearted, 44-year-old New Jersey hospital administrator winds up on the mound tomorrow to throw out...
Bowa's status with Phillies is shaky Larry Bowa's time as Philadelphia Phillies' manager could be running out. General manager Ed Wade declined to give Bowa an endorsement before last night's game...
Bellhorn poised to make his return The Red Sox may get some urgent relief from their injury crisis as early as tomorrow with the return of Mark Bellhorn . The second baseman, whose left thumb was...
Belichick won't issue any passing grades Tom Brady delivered the signature play of the Patriots' first exhibition game. He dropped back, scrambled to his left, and with Eagles defender N.D. Kalu...
Sanders excites Ravens The Baltimore Ravens are excited about the prospect of having Deion Sanders come out of retirement and be a part of their defensive backfield. The question now is: Will he take...
Court rules for BC in flap over exit fee Boston College cleared a major legal hurdle in its bid to join the Atlantic Coast Conference yesterday when a Massachusetts Superior Court judge issued...
Perk a flight of fancy In a world where enticements and incentives are abundant, it was stunning to hear players at the PGA Championship talk about the latest perk that took them by surprise. How...
Philo puts finishing touch on elusive crown Swirling winds and 252 yards of a confounding downhill shot created quite a backup at Brae Burn Country Club's par-3 17th hole yesterday, player after...
Hard recovery from losses The Massachusetts golf community took a hit last week, losing two distinguished personalities. Ted Carangelo and Ted Kenerson were men of great spirit, devoted to their...
Vana remains in hunt Frank Vana Jr. is the lone remaining Massachusetts entry in the US Amateur Championship after three days of play at a demanding Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, N.Y.
Pro tours: The stops and the talk WORLD GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS Event: NEC Invitational Site: Firestone Country Club, South Course (7,230 yards, par 70), Akron, Ohio. Schedule: Today-Sunday. Purse: \$7...
At least six Georgian soldiers killed in separatist region clashes (AFP) AFP - At least six Georgian soldiers were killed and seven wounded in overnight clashes in Georgia's separatist, pro-Russian...
Concerns detailed on climate change COPENHAGEN -- Rising sea levels, disappearing glaciers in the Alps, and more deadly heat waves are coming for Europeans because of global warming, Europe's...
8 British terror suspects brought to court LONDON -- Eight men charged with conspiracy to murder in a trans-Atlantic terror plot made their first court appearance yesterday in a case that has added...
Militants in video threaten to kill journalist BAGHDAD -- A militant group said it has kidnapped a missing Western journalist with Boston-area ties and would kill him if US forces did not leave the...
Report won't put blame on top brass WASHINGTON -- A long-awaited report on the Abu Ghraib prison scandal will implicate about two dozen military intelligence soldiers and civilian contractors in the...
Interim assembly selected in Iraq BAGHDAD -- Taking a halting step toward a democratic government, Iraqi political and religious leaders selected an interim national assembly yesterday that includes...
Terror suspects' photos shown  ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Photos were published yesterday in newspapers across Pakistan of six terror suspects, including a senior Al Qaeda operative, the government says...
New Jersey Nets Team Report - December 7 (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets try for their third consecutive win this evening when they head to Cleveland to face LeBron James and the Cavaliers at...
Harris' Double Leads Marlins Past Dodgers (AP) AP - Lenny Harris has come up with clutch hits throughout his record-breaking career as a pinch hitter. His three-run double off Eric Gagne was a bit...
Van Den Hoogenband and Popov Out of 50m Freestyle  ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic 100 meters freestyle champion  Pieter van den Hoogenband and world champion Alexander Popov  were both eliminated in the...
Food prices rise on second day of blockade of Nepal's capital (AFP) AFP - A blockade of the Nepalese capital called by Maoist rebels entered a second day, causing a rise in food prices and prompting...
Magnificent Seven composer dies Movie composer Elmer Bernstein, creator of The Magnificent Seven and The Great Escape, dies aged 82.
Rite-Aid slapped after warning CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Rite Aid were hurting pretty good early Tuesday, falling about 5 percent after the drugstore chain warned that weak sales trends could...
Google prices its shares at \$85 WASHINGTON  Google closed the unusual auction for its shares yesterday and prepared for its stock to begin trading at \$85 per share, after weaker-than-expected...
CIBC sale of Juniper completes US retail retreat Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce sold its last retail banking operation in the United States yesterday, ending a brief, but tumultuous, foray south...
Ford dumps Oracle CAR FIRM Ford has given up trying to integrate Oracle #39;s Everest system into its networks as a bad job.
Henry the turtle heads for the sea - and fame Malaysia - A turtle named Henry headed for the South China Sea one recent moonless night. He was one hour old and not much bigger than a bug, but his...
Hamm #39;s comeback America #39;s Olympic moment Because rarely is a rally so improbable, even the man who pulled it off didn #39;t believe he could. On the same day he crash-landed on the vault and...
Olympics Notebook: Kenteris, Thanou withdraw after ducking drug tests ATHENS, Greece -- A dark cloud over the Games lifted yesterday as Greece #39;s top two sprinters pulled out rather than face...
Harris #39; pinch double off Gagne leads Marlins past Dodgers Lenny Harris has come up with clutch hits throughout his record-breaking career as a pinch hitter. His three-run double off Eric Gagne...
NL notebook: Pettitte out for season; Clemens hurt The same day the Houston Astros announced that pitcher Andy Pettitte would have surgery on his troublesome left elbow next week, Roger Clemens left...
Google will float at \$85 a share Google's IPO share price is set at \$85, the bottom of its projected range, as the internet search engine goes public.
Doom 3 unleashes hell  Doom 3 combines hectic gameplay with genuine shocks to deliver a deliciously uncomfortable gaming experience.
Lindows Postpones IPO Its legal battles over, the software vendor will focus on sales until the market ripens.
Pakistan minister poised to become PM after by-election wins (AFP) AFP - The way was clear for Pakistan's Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz to become prime minister after unofficial results showed he had...
Israeli PM defies party rebellion Israel's Ariel Sharon says he will push ahead with plans for Gaza disengagement, despite a rebuke from his Likud party.
Google Overcomes Regulatory, Marketing Gaffes to Do IPO Its Way Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- The founders of Google Inc. did it their way, and then they paid the price. Sergey Brin, 30, and Larry Page, 31,...
Logan may benefit from fewer O #39;Hare flights WASHINGTON -- Flight reductions by 16 major airlines serving O #39;Hare International Airport -- the result of two weeks of talks with the...
More Mars secrets uncovered The hills of Mars have yielded fresh clues about how water shaped the Red Planet. Scientists at NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, revealed that the robotic...
Sprint stars create new Greek tragedy ATHENS, Greece -- It was just after 8 am Wednesday, and across the street from the downtown Hilton, hundreds of media waited for the ultimate Greek tragedy to...
American fouls out OLYMPIA, Greece - When this whole Olympic thing started, the winner of its single event, a 210-yard sprint, would have his name used to identify the Games rather than the year. For...
England 3, Ukraine 0 David Beckham and Michael Owen went about making their peace with England #39;s deflated supporters last night with a goal apiece to help launch England to victory against...
Singh has put PGA to rest AKRON -- As the \$7 million NEC Invitational begins today on Firestone County Club #39;s South Course, there is bad news for the 75 players in the field who aren #39;t Vijay...
Buses defy rebel blockade of Nepal #39;s capital KATMANDU, Nepal (AP) - A heavily guarded convoy of six buses snaked its way out of Nepal #39;s capital Thursday, the first vehicles to defy Maoist...
Australian Foreign Minister Upbeat on North Korea Nuclear Talks Australia #39;s foreign minister says North Korea shows few signs of compromise but insists a negotiated settlement can still resolve...
Typhoon Megi kills 12 TOKYO/SEOUL (Reuters) - Heavy rain from typhoon Megi has lashed South Korea and Japan, prompting the evacuation of some 3,000 people and leaving at least 12 dead. Some 165...
Baghdad bombs still haunt UN GENEVAUN Secretary-General Kofi Annan yesterday met survivors and families of the 22 workers killed in a suicide bombing that shattered United Nations offices in Baghdad...
Virtual gaming worlds overtake Namibia Inhabitants of virtual worlds are giving the games they play real economic power, a study has found.
Kerry Blames Rising Health Costs for Job Losses (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry, citing a newly\commissioned study, said on Thursday that rising health care\expenses have cost American jobs...
Bankrupt Commerce One Patents Fetch \$15.5M Bankrupt Internet software maker Commerce One Inc. auctioned off dozens of prized online patents for \$15.5 million in a sale that could provoke a legal...
Amazon.com Experiences Sporadic Outage Some customers had trouble reaching Amazon.com's Web site on Monday in what analysts described as probable technical difficulties for the world's largest online...
EU backs Lamy for trade position The European Commission is backing its former trade commissioner Pascal Lamy to become the next head of the World Trade Organisation.
Tokyo Stocks Close Up for Third Day (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese shares rose for a third straight\day on Thursday, advancing over one percent as a rally on Wall\Street encouraged buying of technology...
Tokyo Stocks Close Up for Third Day  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares rose for a third straight  day on Thursday, advancing over one percent as a rally on Wall  Street encouraged buying of...
Lindows Postpones IPO (PC World) PC World - Its legal battles over, the software vendor will focus on sales until the market ripens.
Israel's Top Court Upholds Dropping of Sharon Case (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's High Court said on Thursday\it was upholding a decision by the country's attorney-general\to drop a bribery case...
Israel's Top Court Upholds Dropping of Sharon Case  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's High Court said on Thursday  it was upholding a decision by the country's attorney-general  to drop a bribery case...
New Fingerprint Scans Expand to Borders Foreigners entering the United States zipped through the lines at the main port here and several other locations in Arizona and California as a new digital...
Clashes Erupt in Najaf Despite Peace Plan NAJAF, Iraq - Sporadic gunfire and explosions boomed through Najaf on Thursday despite a peace deal in which radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed to disarm...
Debit Cards  Give Plastic Edge Over Paper 2003 was the first time plastic and other electronic payment methods beat out checks, according to a survey released yesterday by the Federal Reserve.
More Web Shopping Is What's in Store The retail sector overall may be reporting a sluggish start to the season, but holiday shoppers are scooping up tech goods at a brisk pace -- and they're scouring...
NY Atty General Spitzer to Run for Gov.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer will announce on Tuesday he will run for governor of  the state in 2006, a spokeswoman said.
Treasury Prices Falter Before Auctions  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries faltered on Tuesday  after a blistering two-session rally ran out of steam, though  analysts still saw room to the upside...
Dollar Awaits Data, Yen Down from Peak  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen held close to the previous  session's four-week high against the dollar on Thursday while  the dollar held steady on the euro as...
Maoist rebel blockade begins to pinch Nepal capital (Reuters) Reuters - Maoist rebels kept vehicles off roads leading to Nepal's capital for a second day on Thursday and residents said fuel was being...
China Bans Video Game for Breach of Sovereignty  BEIJING (Reuters) - China, sensitive about issues of  national sovereignty, has banned a computer sports game that  classifies Taiwan, Hong Kong,...
After Wait, Google Set for Market Debut NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. will make their Nasdaq stock market debut on Thursday after the year #39;s most anticipated initial public offering...
Qantas posts record annual profit SYDNEY, Australia (AP) - Qantas profits soared to a record 648.8 million Australian dollars (US\$463.8 million, euro 376 million) in the past fiscal year, thanks to...
Pentagon backs off threat to withhold Halliburton fees WASHINGTON - The Army has abruptly reversed itself and decided to pay all of Halliburton Co. #39;s fees to house and feed US troops in Iraq and...
A Long Goodbye at Equifax Give them credit, they #39;re starting the CEO search with plenty of lead time. Early in the day on Aug. 18, Thomas F. Chapman, chairman and CEO of Equifax, stated his...
Real slashes Music Prices RealNetworks has slashed the price for downloading music taking the online music market competition a step further.
Texas Firm Targets Teens With Package Of Digital Features Teenagers tend to like instant messaging, TV watching, net surfing, music listening, and shopping, so an Austin, Texas, company has decided...
Hamm gold by a sliver ATHENS - Paul Hamm feared he had blown a shot for a medal when he stumbled at the end of his performance in the vault, his fourth event in the six-event men #39;s individual...
Hamilton Wins Olympic Time Trial Tyler Hamilton (United States) is the Olympic time trial champion. The man from Marblehead, who crashed out of the 2004 Tour de France, rode away his disappointment...
Singh closes in on Tiger AKRON, Ohio - Having closed the gap to a mere one-tenth of a point, Vijay Singh needs only to finish ahead of Tiger Woods at the NEC Invitational, starting today, to end...
Hewitt drives home his return point WASHINGTON - It #39;s night, under the lights at the Legg Mason Tennis Classic, and No. 2 seed Lleyton Hewitt is still wearing his white cap backward, the bill of...
Wright-Phillips left wanting more Shaun Wright-Phillips has set his sights on being picked for England #39;s World Cup qualifiers after scoring on a scintillating debut for his country.
US wings it in Caribbean For the bulk of the 89 minutes that the US National Team went without a goal against an inspired Jamaican side, chances were created -- some of the golden opportunity nature...
Poles killed after Iraq ambush WARSAW, Poland (AP) -- Two Polish troops have been killed and five injured when their vehicles crashed as they were trying to escape an ambush in the central Iraqi city...
Terror suspect killed during interrogation in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- A Pakistani religious leader, allegedly linked with the al-Qaeda terrorist network, has died here in police...
Italy in Hot Seat on Possible Misreporting (AP) AP - The European Union head office said Tuesday it had concerns over Italian budget deficit figures, only a week after Greece was challenged over...
Virgin plans China mobile service Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson says the firm is in talks with a Chinese company over starting a mobile phone service in mainland China.
Is IBM PC sell off preparation for a Power chip attack? &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; A chip on the shoulder?
Leadtek WinFast PX6600TD GeForce 6600 card &lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Mid-range features, performance for under 100?
Massive game advertising startup to aid desperate brands &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Product placement in computer and console games
Dollar Awaits Data, Yen Down from Peak  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen held close to the previous  session's four-week high against the dollar on Thursday while  the dollar held steady on the euro as...
Giddens earns US silver in kayaking Rebecca Giddens made a final charge that nearly landed her a gold medal, but in the end the American settled for silver in yesterday's kayaking single slalom.
Estrada gets in some light work Jason Estrada had the perfect opponent last night. An inexperienced one. The Pan Am Games gold medalist had not fought in two months because of a thumb injury and a...
Withdrawal for Greek sprinters Two of Greece's most famous athletes and their coach made their first public appearance here yesterday only to withdraw from the Olympic Games rather than face a panel...
Rhode targets a final gold for US Kim Rhode earned the United States a gold medal in double trap shooting yesterday, staking a unique claim as the first and last winner of the Olympic event.
Transactions BASEBALL Arizona (NL): Placed C Koyie Hill on the 15-day DL; purchased contract of C Chris Snyder from El Paso (Texas League). Baltimore (AL): Placed OF Larry Bigbie and 2B-OF Jerry...
Silver lining melts foul mood US shot-putter Adam Nelson stood outside the throwing circle, his hands on the back of his head, his hopes just dashed by a foul on a throw that would have won the gold...
Pair of US squads advance to finals By just two ticks of the clock yesterday morning, the US rowing team squeezed two entries into this weekend's Olympic finals on an otherwise empty day.
Dominicans shock US women In an early morning match before a handful of fans, the US women's volleyball team, ranked first in the world, lost to the Dominican Republic, 26-24, 22-25, 27-25, 23-25,...
Israeli Court Upholds Decision on Sharon (AP) AP - Israel's Supreme Court on Thursday upheld the attorney general's decision to clear Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in a corruption case, Israel Radio...
US denies Ukraine interference US Secretary of State Colin Powell rejects Russian claims that the West wants more influence in Ukraine.
Octopus Doesn't Give Up on Motherhood (AP) AP - It was a May-December romance that really had legs: Young Aurora, a female giant octopus and her aging cephalopod suitor J-1 were thrown together for a...
Karzai Sworn in as Afghanistan President  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was sworn in as  Afghanistan's first popularly elected president Tuesday,  promising to bring peace to the war-torn nation and...
Megawati's party seals deal with Golkar to dominate Indonesia's parliament (AFP) AFP - President Megawati Sukarnoputri forged a pact with Indonesia's largest political group Golkar to form a bloc...
Lenovo May Be in Acquisition Talks With IBM (AP) AP - China's biggest computer maker said Tuesday it is in acquisition talks with a major international technology company, a disclosure which comes...
Merger may axe Fleet jobs BOSTON -- Although published reports yesterday claimed that Bank of America Corp. plans to layoff hundreds of employees at Fleet Banks throughout Massachusetts, Fall River...
JJB Shares Drop: Profit May Be 20 Less Than Forecast (Update2) Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Shares of JJB Sports Plc, Britain #39;s largest sporting-goods retailer, had their biggest decline in at least...
Workplace beware THE LABOR Department #39;s trumpeting of its new regulations governing overtime, which go into effect next week, sounds a little tinny.
Saturn in Red This Cassini spacecraft wide angle camera view shows a half-lit Saturn, with two dark storms rolling through its southern hemisphere. The image was taken in visible red light on July...
Microsoft rolls out fresh Windows XP 64 beta WHILE MICROSOFT and AMD are suggesting it will be well into next year before the final version of WinXP 64 is released, yesterday it started offering a...
Athletes positive coach is to blame ATHENS - They weren #39;t our own tarnished heroes this time, they were bad actors in an overwritten Greek tragedy. But outside the Athens Hilton yesterday morning...
Nelson #39;s day left in ruins He was leading a procession of Olympic shot-putters, thick-bodied, thick-necked men who were about to enter a dirt-floored den of antiquity, and be immersed in history...
Pedal to the medals Vouliagmeni, Greece - The second-fastest move Tyler Hamilton made Wednesday was hopping off the gold-medal platform and running - hobbling, really - to his wife, Haven.
Tennis: Australia #39;s Hewitt reaches quarter-finals at Washington tennis WASHINGTON : Lleyton Hewitt further polished his form on hardcourt with the US Open drawing near, earning a 6-3, 6-2...
Sharon presses on with Gaza plan JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has vowed to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan despite a humiliating rebuff from his own party of his...
Maoist Rebel Blockade Begins to Pinch Nepal Capital KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Maoist rebels kept vehicles off roads leading to Nepal #39;s capital for a second day on Thursday and residents said fuel was...
One dead, four missing as Typhoon Megi hits S.Korea SEOUL, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- One died and four others went missing as Typhoon Megi hit South Korea #39;s southern provinces with strong winds and...
First Look: MusicMatch Jukebox's Impressive Version 10 (PC World) PC World - Free software helps organize large music collections.
In Brief: Sleepycat releases Berkeley DB XML 2.0 (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Sleepycat Software this week announced the general availability of Berkeley DB XML 2.0, a major upgrade to its open source...
Garrison Gets New Contract; King Retires (AP) AP - Zina Garrison was given a one-year contract to stay on as U.S. Fed Cup captain, while Billie Jean King retired Tuesday as a coach for the team.
Netanyahu backs Sharon #39;s plan for coalition with Labor Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave his support Tuesday to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on his plan to invite the Labor Party...
Weightlifters Test Positive for Drugs Before Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Five weightlifters tested positive for  drugs before the Athens Olympics and were banned from the  Games.
Internet patents sold at S.F. auction (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - A group called JGR Acquisition made the winning,  #36;15.5 million bid Monday for a batch of obscure but potentially...
Tributes paid to Belgium #39;s  #39;magic #39; football coach The Belgian press paid tribute to Raymond Goethals on Tuesday, describing him as the magician and looking back on his teams many...
Williams  #39;Hungary #39; for success British heavyweight hope Danny Williams believes the key to beating WBC champion Vitali Klitschko and becoming the heavyweight champion of the world in Las...
'E-Junk' Recycling Still in Its Infancy (AP) AP - When Office Depot, Inc. stores ran an electronics recycling drive last summer that accepted everything from cell phones to televisions, some stores...
IBM triples transistor performance with germanium IBM has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips...
Outsourcing growth predicted at 5.9 a year IT job exports are forecast to increase by a compound annual growth rate of 5.9 between 2002 and the end of 2004, said Frost  amp; Sullivan.
AMD to switch on better Opteron power management Computers with AMD #39;s Opteron processor will soon be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built...
Update 1: Toshiba, Memory-Tech Develop New DVD Two Japanese companies said Tuesday they have developed a DVD that can play on both existing machines and the upcoming high-definition players, raising...
Putin Opines on Iraq Election Date (AP) AP - President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday he could not imagine how Iraqi elections scheduled for Jan. 30 could be held under current conditions.
U.S. Crude Sets New Record: \$47.52/Barrel  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. crude prices rose to another new  record on Thursday, rising 25 cents to \$47.52 a barrel on  evidence that high prices are not...
UK mortgage lending breaks record Home loan borrowing continued to surge in July, the Council of Mortgage Lenders says.
Google IPO priced at \$85 a share NEW YORK (CNN/Money) -- Internet search engine Google has announced it will go public at \$85 a share, paving the way for the widely awaited but troubled stock...
After the IPO, Google may need to invest in itself SAN FRANCISCO  Google #39;s star-crossed stock offering is making high-tech history. But will its cash windfall help make it a permanent part of...
Microsoft tries to clear confusion over SP2 A week after releasing Windows XP Service Pack 2 to enterprises, Microsoft is trying to quell confusion over an apparent security flaw and applications...
Microsoft Unveils 64-Bit Windows Beta Microsoft has made available the latest builds of its 64-bit version of Windows XP Professional and Windows Server 2003 Enterprise, which each features a handful...
Return to Ancient Greece enthralls athletes OLYMPIA, GREECE -- Brad Snyder #39;s shot put travelled just more than 19 metres, but the arc of its flight spanned more than 1,600 years.
Roddick, Venus make exits ATHENS -- Andy Roddick hit one final errant shot into the net and hung his head, his medal hopes over. A short while later, Venus Williams was gone, too.
Els takes aim at his putting LONDON -- Ernie Els has set his sights on an improved putting display this week at the World Golf Championships #39; NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio, after the...
Doped Olympics weightlifters named ATHENS (Reuters) - The International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) has named the five who failed drugs tests before the Athens Olympics.
Salvadoran prison clashes leave at least 31 dead San Salvador -- At least 31 prisoners died and 23 were wounded yesterday during clashes between gang members and other inmates in El Salvador #39;s...
Customer boost for 3 despite loss Third-generation mobile phone network 3 reports a rise in its UK customer base to 1.2 million - but its Hong Kong parent firm is hit by heavy 3G losses.
Spending Cuts May Close Italy's Uffizi -Minister (Reuters) Reuters - Italy's culture minister has threatened to\shut down Florence's Uffizi museum, home of masterpieces by\Michelangelo and...
Searching for peace in Nigeria Rival community leaders meet in central Nigeria, the scene of bitter clashes earlier this year.
Sony Unveils New Flat TVs, Aims to Boost Share  TOKYO (Reuters) - Electronics conglomerate Sony Corp.  unveiled eight new flat-screen televisions on Thursday in a  product push it hopes will help it...
India Says Rebel Chief Killed in Kashmir Gunbattle  SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Indian soldiers killed the head  of a guerrilla group fighting for Kashmir's merger with  Pakistan in a gunbattle on...
Hong Kong chokes under thick smog \Hong Kong's government warns people with heart and respiratory problems to stay in as smog chokes the territory.
U.S. Crude Sets New Record:  #36;47.52/Barrel (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. crude prices rose to another new\record on Thursday, rising 25 cents to  #36;47.52 a barrel on\evidence that high prices are not...
British retail sales decline for first time in over a year (AFP) AFP - British retail sales fell in July for the first time in over a year, official figures showed, providing further evidence that...
Wall St. Seen Lower on Oil; Google Eyed  PARIS (Reuters) - Sky-high oil prices are likely to  pressure Wall Street once again on Thursday, while earnings  news from tech giants Ciena &lt;A...
It #39;s A Go For Google After months of missteps and fumbling with initial public offering via an unusual Web-based auction that bucked Wall Street conventions, the troubled pregnancy of Google, the...
O #39;Hare to reduce flight arrivals Instead of cramming as many as 132 arrivals into an hour, airlines at O #39;Hare Airport agreed Wednesday to limit themselves to just 88 an hour this fall,...
At least someone #39;s winning in this war News Item:  quot;The US Army has threatened to partially withhold payments to Halliburton due to allegations of overcharges for food, shelter and services....
Wall St. Seen Lower on Oil; Google Eyed (Reuters) Reuters - Sky-high oil prices are likely to\pressure Wall Street once again on Thursday, while earnings\news from tech giants Ciena (CIEN.N) and...
US Airways Chairman: Liquidation Possible (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc.'s (UAIR.O)\chairman said employees must agree to  #36;800 million in new wage\and benefit cuts within 30 days or...
Outpost Firewall Pro Supports Microsoft Windows XP SP2 The upcoming Outpost Firewall Pro 2.5 operates seamlessly with XP SP2 to improve security and privacy.
More clues hint Mars watery past BEIJING, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- NASA #39;s Mars rovers have uncovered more clues about how water shaped the Red Planet, scientists said Wednesday.
Broadband reach to get broader Broadband will be as widely available as analogue TV by the middle of next year, according to BT. BT has struggled to extend the reach of broadband to certain areas of...
PS2 price cut announcement, Xbox also cut Leipzig Game Convention in Germany, the stage for price-slash revelations. Sony has announced that it #39;s slashing the cost of PS2 in the UK and Europe to...
Caterpillar to Buy Williams Technologies Construction equipment manufacturer Caterpillar Inc. said Wednesday that its Caterpillar Remanufacturing Services unit will acquire Williams Technologies...
Incomparable finish wins gold for gymnast Hamm ATHENS - With a disastrous landing on the vault that sent him stumbling off the mat and nearly into the judges #39; laps, Paul Hamm thought it was over.
Greek sprinters face wait to learn fate Greek sprint duo Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou will have to wait until after the Olympic Games to find out their fate following their missed drugs tests,...
Doping Casts Shadow Over Olympics -- Again ATHENS (Reuters) - Doping cast its sleazy shadow over the Olympics again when it was announced on Thursday that five weightlifters had tested positive for...
Germany Looking at Citigroup Bond Trading  BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's financial watchdog said on  Thursday it was looking into recent trading by U.S. financial  services group Citigroup &lt;A...
Sony Unveils New Flat TVs, Aims to Boost Share (Reuters) Reuters - Electronics conglomerate Sony Corp.\unveiled eight new flat-screen televisions on Thursday in a\product push it hopes will help it...
Nintendo patents key console online gaming features Newly granted IP extends 1999 Net-connected video game patent
TV project aims to kick-start 3G High-quality, affordable TV on mobiles could be just what 3G operators are looking for, say researchers.
Malaysia Confirms Deadly Bird Flu Found (AP) AP - Malaysia went on a nationwide alert against bird flu Thursday after officials confirmed that a deadly strain of the disease, blamed for the deaths of...
Iraq's Sadr Facing 'Final Hours' -Government  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's government warned Shi'ite  cleric Moqtada al-Sadr on Thursday he would face a military  strike within hours unless he...
Harris' Double Leads Marlins Past Dodgers Lenny Harris has come up with clutch hits throughout his record-breaking career as a pinch hitter. His three-run double off Eric Gagne was a bit more special...
US Supreme Court hears dispute over interstate wine sales; Maine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Supreme Court is considering whether states may bar people from buying wine directly from out-of-state...
Sprint Speeds Up Wireless Network Sprint (Quote, Chart) has awarded wireless equipment contracts totaling \$3 billion to Lucent (Quote, Chart), Motorola (Quote, Chart) and Nortel (Quote, Chart) to...
After Wait, Google Set for Market Debut NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. will make their Nasdaq stock market debut on Thursday, with some market participants expecting a steady start or...
Oil Hits Record on China, India Demand LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record high above \$47 a barrel on Thursday as fresh evidence of demand growth in China and India underlined how...
Insurance Rates May Not Rise From Charley WEST PALM BEACH -- Hurricane Charley packed more punch than any storm not named Andrew, the Insurance Information Institute said Wednesday.
US Airways Chairman: Liquidation Possible NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. #39;s (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) chairman said employees must agree to \$800 million in new wage and...
Hutchison Says Net More Than Doubles on Asset Sales (Update4) Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Hutchison Whampoa Ltd., Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing #39;s biggest company, said first-half profit more than...
Google and founders will profit from IPO despite controversies As reports FinanceGates.com, the largest Web search engine Google Inc. is going to reach \$1.67 billion in its initial public offering...
Mortgage applications rise US mortgage applications climbed 12 percent last week as the lowest mortgage rates in four months prompted consumers to buy homes and refinance loans.
New McD offerings come in waves McDonald #39;s took further steps to jazz things up for its customers Wednesday, unveiling a new cashless payment service and expanding the test of deli-style...
Update 1: Philippine Shares End Higher The 30-company Philippine Stock Exchange Index ended up 16.90 points, or 1.1 percent, at 1,573.27, after giving up 2.4 percent in the past two sessions,...
Germany looking at Citigroup bond trading,no probe BERLIN, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Germany #39;s financial watchdog said on Thursday it was looking into recent trading by US financial services group...
Retail sales fall more than expected LONDON (Reuters) - Retail sales fell more than expected in July and for the first time in over a year as poor weather pushed down clothing sales sharply.
Bluetooth flying bot creates buzz The micro flyer is the next version of the robot by the Japanese technology firm that wowed crowds with last year.
Broadband increases its reach, says BT With broadband access an increasingly critical requirement in running a business, BT said as many as 78,000 more West Midland homes and businesses will be...
Malaysia sets up sanctuary for sea turtles Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Aug. 19 (UPI) -- Malaysia has set aside 60 hectares of land off the east coast state of Terengganu to help conserve its dwindling...
Cornice countersues Seagate Cornice has countersued hard drive rival Seagate, the maker of micro hard drives said yesterday. In a complaint filed with the US District Court for Delaware, the Cornice...
Linking remote SME workers to their office networks KUALA LUMPUR: Juniper Networks Inc has introduced solutions that it claimed would provide small and medium enterprises (SMEs) with a secure,...
Summer of spam surges For spammers, it #39;s been a summer of love. Two newly issued reports tracking the circulation of unsolicited e-mails say pornographic spam dominated this summer, nearly all of...
Greeks named in Balco e-mail The Greek sprinters who withdrew from the Olympic Games yesterday were named in an e-mail exchange between Balco Laboratories owner Victor Conte Jr. and a Greek track and...
Brits to Challenge Hoy Gold Great Britain #39;s three-day eventing team have joined forces with France and the USA to challenge the gold medal claims of Germany and Bettina Hoy.
Athletes To Watch  Brendan Hansen, United States, swimming  The former UT swimmer goes for the gold in the 200-meter breaststroke. The world-record holder at 100 and 200 meters, Hansen won the silver...
Levin advances in US Amateur Damphousse signs with Avs Levin, the low amateur at the US Open who tied for 13th, registered a 3- and-1 win over Mike Lane of Citrus Heights (Sacramento County).
Bush and Kerry must engage in Gaza withdrawal The next few weeks may reveal whether or not Prime Minister Sharon will succeed in cobbling together a government that will implement his Gaza withdrawal...
Shaukat Aziz to be sworn next week ISLAMABAD: Pakistan #39;s Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz, a former banker credited with its economic reforms, will take over as prime minister next week following...
Indonesia #39;s Megawati unveils grand coalition JAKARTA, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri, fighting to win a fresh term, formally unveiled on Thursday a coalition of...
Expert warns of further landslips An expert has warned that landslides such as those seen this week in Perthshire and north Cornwall are set to become more common.
Stocks Seen Little Changed, Oil Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Crude prices near record highs will  again mute any advance in U.S. stocks at the market's open on  Thursday, but investors will get a...
Oil Hits Record on China, India Demand  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record high  above \$47.50 a barrel on Thursday as fresh evidence of demand  growth in China and India underlined...
Winn-Dixie Posts Loss But Sees Progress  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Grocer Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WIN.N...
Limited 2nd-Quarter Earnings Climb  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clothing retailer Limited Brands Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTD.N...
Drug 'could boost malaria fight' Scientists develop a synthetic version of a herb-based drug to treat malaria.
Climate legacy of 'hockey stick' A chart of temperature variation over 1,000 years dubbed the "hockey stick" has entered into the folklore of climate scientists, but how accurate is it?
Better times for techies? Unemployment drops, optimism rises for computer professionals. Is it because the unhappy ones leave the field?
Hall, Lezak Qualify in Olympic 50 Free (AP) AP - American Gary Hall Jr., the defending Olympic champion, and teammate Jason Lezak qualified for the 50-meter freestyle semifinals Thursday, but two of...
Possible Eighth Medal Chance for Phelps  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps's chances of winning a  record eight medals at the Athens Olympics were given a big  boost on Thursday when U.S. team...
Dutch Snatch Hockey Win, Pakistan Stun Korea  ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic champions the Netherlands  snatched another last-minute victory on Thursday in the men's  hockey tournament in Athens and...
Rebuffed by Party, Sharon Presses on with Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Thursday to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan  despite his own party's...
Israel's Top Court Upholds Dropping of Sharon Case  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  on Thursday won a final reprieve from criminal prosecution in a  bribery scandal that...
Torrential British Rain Set to Cause More Chaos  LONDON (Reuters) - After torrential rain caused flash  flooding in southern England and a landslide in Scotland this  week, meteorologists on Thursday...
China protesters threaten suicide \Six Chinese protesters have threatened to jump from the top of a six-storey building in central Beijing.
Stocks Set to Open Slightly Lower at Open NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen slightly lower at the open Thursday as investors take some cash off the table after Wednesday's sharp rally...
Jury in Peterson Trial Gets Long Weekend REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - Jurors in the Scott Peterson murder trial got an early start on their weekend when the judge delayed cross-examination of the...
Iraq Says Offensive Vs. Cleric to Start NAJAF, Iraq - An Iraqi Cabinet minister said Thursday that Iraqi forces could begin an offensive against Muqtada al-Sadr within hours, despite the firebrand...
Google's IPO Price Set at \$85 Before Debut SAN JOSE, California - On the cusp of its voyage into public trading, Google's initial stock price was set at \$85 and its market value calculated at \$23...
A broken record: Oil up again New market set as demand in China, India intensifies supply worries, Iraq lends price support. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices blazed past \$47.50 a barrel and set...
HK conglomerate Hutchison #39;s first half net profit up 106 percent HONG KONG : Hutchison Whampoa, the ports-to-telecoms conglomerate owned by Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-shing, reported its first half...
NetApp posts profits, continues hiring spree Network Appliance posted positive results for its first quarter of 2005 on Wednesday, reporting a 38 percent increase in revenue compared to the same...
Possible Eighth Medal Chance for Phelps ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps #39;s chances of winning a record eight medals at the Athens Olympics were given a big boost on Thursday when US team...
India weightlifter tests positive An Indian weightlifter has tested positive for drugs before the start of the Athens Games, the International Olympic Committee has announced.
French to appeal after losing gold ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- The French Olympic team is to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport to try to win back its three-day event Olympic gold medal in...
Supporters now have to wait to see Nunez HE #39;S the man seem-ingly no-one in Liverpool knows anything about - and who #39;ll now have to wait a little longer before attempting to endear himself to...
Ching gains repemption, his goal in 89th minute earning 1-1 qualifying draw in Jamaica. KINGSTON, Jamaica (Wednesday, August 18, 2004) -- Brian Ching was not one to waste a second chance. The reserve...
Iraqi Minister Sets New Deadline For Al-Sadr 19 August 2004 -- An Iraqi government official has said a military offensive against Shi #39;ite militiamen loyal to Shi #39;a cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in...
Georgia Says 6 Soldiers Killed in Latest Clashes in South Ossetia Georgian military officials say at least six Georgian soldiers have been killed and at least seven others wounded in overnight...
UK #39;s Blair Alters Holiday After Sardinian Bombs, Corriere Says Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- UK Prime Minister Tony Blair has changed his holiday plans following Wednesday #39;s discovery of two...
UN Marks Anniversary of Bombing of Baghdad Mission The United Nations is marking the first anniversary of the bombing of UN headquarters in Baghdad that killed 22 people, including the world body...
Oil Hits New Record as Demand Soars  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record high  above \$47.50 a barrel on Thursday as fresh evidence of demand  growth in China and India underlined how...
Blast Hits Heavily Fortified Baghdad Area (AP) AP - An explosion Thursday hit the heavily fortified Green Zone, home to Iraqi government offices and the U.S. Embassy in central Baghdad, sending up a...
Toshiba, Memory-Tech Develop New DVD (AP) AP - Two Japanese companies said Tuesday they have developed a DVD that can play on both existing machines and the upcoming high-definition players, raising...
Before-the-Bell: Synopsys Shares Drop (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Synopsys Inc. (SNPS.O), a\semiconductor design software maker, tumbled before the bell on\Thursday, a day after the company...
Asia feels the pain of oil prices Governments around the region are warning that rising oil prices have started to hurt their economies.
Net firms set sights on spammers British net firms are starting to get tough with firms that drum up trade using junk e-mails.
Princess Anne in Cyprus to encourage Olympic competitors (AFP) AFP - Princess Anne was in Cyprus to pay a royal morale-boosting visit to Britain's Olympic athletes training on the Mediterranean...
Virgin plans China mobile expansion Virgin Group today announced plans to expand its mobile phone services to China in a \$300m (154m) joint venture with a Chinese company.
DaVita to buy dialysis clinics for \$3.05 billion The Swedish company Gambro AB will sell a division to an El Segundo company for \$3.05 billion in cash. Gambro Healthcare US, the division being...
Job Cuts Rise Further in Nov. - Report Planned job cuts at US firms climbed during November, a report said on Tuesday, in a further sign of sluggishness in the labor market.
More Web Shopping Is What #39;s in Store The retail sector overall may be reporting a sluggish start to the season, but holiday shoppers are scooping up iPods, DVDs, digital cameras and other tech...
Nortel Reports Preliminary Results (Reuters) Reuters - Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO) delivered\long-awaited preliminary results for the first half of 2004 on\Thursday that showed estimated first and...
Limited Quarterly Earnings Climb  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clothing retailer Limited Brands Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LTD.N...
Ciena Posts Loss, Forecasts Flat Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Telecommunications equipment maker  Ciena Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CIEN.O...
Dollar Struggles to Stay Off Lows  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar traded near this week's  four-week lows against the euro and yen on Thursday ahead of  U.S. jobless claims and a key business survey...
Groups Chide U.S. on Mercury Regulations (AP) AP - Environmentalists and two Maryland Democratic congressmen chastised the Bush administration Wednesday for proposed regulations they said will not do...
Group: New England Not Reducing Mercury (AP) AP - If environmental policy were scored like grade-school spelling tests, New England's mercury reduction efforts wouldn't get any gold stars.
WTC destruction was two occurrences: jury World Trade Center leaseholder Silverstein Properties Inc. could collect \$4.68 billion in insurance payments after the jury in the second phase of the WTC...
Update 25: Google #39;s IPO Price Set at \$85 Before Debut On the cusp of its voyage into public trading, Google #39;s initial stock price was set at \$85 and its market value calculated at \$23...
Claire #39;s 2Q Earnings Are Up 48 Percent Jewelry and accessories retailer Claire #39;s Stores Inc. reported Thursday that second-quarter earnings rose 48 percent to beat Wall Street expectations,...
Google cuts price range, ends auction SAN JOSE, California - Initial shares of Google Inc. were priced late last night at \$85 US each -- the low end of estimates that the company had revised...
Swisscom confirms Telekom Austria talks have ended ZURICH, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Top Swiss telecoms group Swisscom (SCMN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) confirmed takeover talks with neighbouring Telekom...
US broadband reaches critical mass Over half of online US households are using broadband to access the internet, according to new research.
Six of Top Eight Music Players In Japan Are iPods The AP is reporting that the iPod has become so popular in Japan, despite the introduction of the Sony Walkman NW-HD1, that six of the top 8 selling...
Microsoft unveils Works 8 The dictionary module has been integrated into the word processor and is also a stand-alone application in the Works Task Launcher. A thesaurus has been included, as well as...
Forget the medal count, Phelps has far exceeded expectations Two-time US Olympian Tom Dolan, who took back-to-back gold medals in the 400 IM at Atlanta and Sydney, will analyze races for SI.com...
Greek stars fan scandal #39;s flames by withdrawing ATHENS - On a day on which both Greece and the Olympics celebrated themselves by returning the Games to their ancient home in Olympia, two popular...
Americans fall on tennis court A US tennis team expected to collect a gold rush or at least challenge for one, instead got derailed just after coming out of the gate.
Figo has a break from international soccer match LISBON, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Portugal captain Luis Figo said here on Wednesday he was taking a break from international soccer, although he would...
Retailer's Share Up on Wal-Mart Interest (AP) AP - Shares of Japan's troubled supermarket chain Daiei Inc. soared 27 percent Thursday following reports that U.S. giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. planned to...
Amazon to Buy China's Biggest Internet Retailer (Reuters) Reuters - Internet giant Amazon.com Inc. is to\buy China's biggest online retailer, Joyo.com, sources familiar\with the deal said on Thursday.
Soap Chemical Said Found in Md. Streams (AP) AP - An anti-bacterial agent commonly found in soaps and detergents has been found in water from streams and wastewater treatment plants in the Baltimore...
N.M. Museum to Launch Names Into Space (AP) AP - The New Mexico Museum of Space History will be shipping names to the stars with the first X-Prize launch into space.
Update: Google gets IPO green light from SEC The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Wednesday gave its approval for Google Inc. to proceed with its initial public offering (IPO).
Gateway unveils Grantsdale PCI Express PCs in retail Gateway Inc. will introduce its first desktops based on Intel Corp.'s new 915G chip set through several retail outlets, the company plans to...
Intel Chips In for New Gateway PCs Desktops will be available at several retailers, including CompUSA.
Lawsuit Filed Over Search   Gambling Ads Yahoo, Google and other major web sites have been hit with a lawsuit saying they carry online gambling ads in violation of California law. This comes after...
Nortel to Cut 3,500 Jobs to Boost Profit  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO...
Oil Sets Record as New Violence Flares in Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record on  Thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in Iraq and fresh  evidence that strong demand...
Global Markets: Stocks Up Despite Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks shrugged off new peaks  in crude oil prices and moved slightly higher on Thursday with  technology firms leading the advance,...
Ky. Park, Univ. Open Cave Learning Center (AP) AP - Mammoth Cave National Park and Western Kentucky University have opened a facility that is designed to give students a hands-on learning environment...
Retail sales fall in July Retail sales fell 0.4 in July - the first monthly decline in over a year - but the underlying trend remains strong, official figures showed today.
Google #39;s IPO Price Set at \$85 Before Debut SAN JOSE, California (AP)--On the cusp of its voyage into public trading, Google #39;s initial stock price was set at \$85 and its market value...
Microsoft downplays XP SP2 flaw claims Microsoft has won the first round against security researchers digging for flaws in its Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2), dismissing claims by German consultants...
Technical breakthrough boosts Broadband Britain Broadband should be available through 99.4 per cent of phone lines by next summer thanks to a technical breakthrough by BT.
Israeli High Court upholds decision over Sharon graft case JERUSALEM, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli High Court of Justice upheld Thursday Attorney General Menachem Mazuz #39;s decision not to indict...
Two Polish Soldiers Killed In Iraq Avoiding Ambush WARSAW, Aug 19 (AFP) - Two Polish soldiers serving in Iraq were killed and five injured on Thursday in a car crash as they sought to escape an...
Navistar Results Rise on Truck Demand  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Commercial truck maker Navistar  International Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NAV.N...
Basketball: Americans Behind Again at Halftime  ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team were once  again in danger of defeat at the Olympic tournament on  Thursday, trailing Australia 51-47...
Doping Casts Shadow Over Olympics -- Again  ATHENS (Reuters) - Five weightlifters were banned from the  Olympics after failing drugs tests, officials said on Thursday,  as doping scandals continued...
UK Police Arrest One Man Under Anti-Terror Laws (Reuters) Reuters - Police arrested a man in central England\on Thursday under anti-terrorism laws.
Ex-Chess Champ Fischer's Marriage Plans Hit Snag  TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese chess great who plans to marry  former world champion Bobby Fischer and help him avoid  deportation home to the United...
Gay Couples Plan to Appeal Mass. Ruling BOSTON - A state judge upheld a 1913 law that prohibits out-of-state gay couples from marrying in Massachusetts, where same-sex marriage between residents has...
Jobless Claims Dip, No Storm Effect (Reuters) Reuters - The number of Americans filing first\claims for jobless pay fell 3,000 last week, the Labor\Department said on Thursday in a report showing no...
Jobless Claims Dip, No Storm Effect  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing first  claims for jobless pay fell 3,000 last week, the Labor  Department said on Thursday in a report...
Oil Sets Record Amid New Violence in Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record on  Thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in Iraq and fresh  evidence that strong demand growth...
Before-the-Bell: Synopsys, DeVry Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of DeVry Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DV.N...
Swisscom, Austrian telecom talks cut off: OeIAG (AFP) AFP - Negotiations between the Austrian privatisation agency OeIAG and the Swiss telecommunications group Swisscom for a stake in Telekom Austria...
Oil Sets Record as New Violence Flares in Iraq LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices struck a fresh record on Thursday, spurred higher by renewed violence in Iraq and fresh evidence that strong demand growth...
Nortel to Cut 3,500 Jobs to Boost Profit OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) posted long-awaited preliminary results for the first half of 2004 on Thursday,...
Stocks to Watch on Thursday, August 19 Clothing retailer Limited Brands, whose chains include the Limited, Express, Victoria #39;s Secret and Bath  amp; Body Works, posted a sharply higher quarterly...
Net nearly doubles, helped by stronger results at Hutchison HONG KONG Cheung Kong (Holdings), the holding company of the billionaire Li Ka-shing, said Thursday that first-half profit almost doubled,...
Parmalat to sue auditors PARMALAT, the bankrupt Italian food company, is suing outside auditors Grant Thornton and Deloitte  amp; Touche, seeking 5.5 billion in damages.
Broadband Breaks 50 Of Mass, Marks A Critical Pass More than half (51) of the American online population accessed the Internet via broadband connections in July--up from only 38 percent in July 2003,...
Micro Focus lifts and shifts Cobol to Linux Micro Focus has extended its  #39;Lift and Shift #39; legacy Cobol migration service, adding the option of migrating CICS-based mainframe Cobol...
Doping Casts Shadow Over Olympics -- Again ATHENS (Reuters) - Five weightlifters were banned from the Olympics after failing drugs tests, officials said on Thursday, as doping scandals continued to...
England soon lose opener Strauss LONDON, England (Reuters) -- England lost opener Andrew Strauss as they reached 53 for one at lunch on the first day of the fourth and final test against West Indies...
Another slow start, another fast finish for US women South Korea took an early lead, so did the Czech Republic. Hey, even New Zealand had the US women #39;s basketball team down for a while.
Pakistan serves the US heads, not tales KARACHI - Tiring of the carrot and stick approach, and with US presidential elections only a few months away, the US has taken an aggressive role in Pakistan...
Jobless Claims Drop for 3rd Straight Week The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits edged down last week for a third consecutive time, signaling that the labor market may be...
Survey Notes Rise in U.S. Broadband Users (AP) AP - The number of Americans who get on the Internet via high-speed lines has now equaled the number using dial-up connections.
Lindows postpones public offering CEO Michael Robertson says the Linux company "won't be forced into a cut-rate IPO."
Violent Standoff in Najaf Continues Negotiations over the embattled city of Najaf took a new and complicated turn Thursday when an official of Iraq's interim government issued fresh demands to be met...
Retailer's Shares Up on Wal-Mart Interest (AP) AP - Shares of Japan's troubled supermarket chain Daiei Inc. soared 27 percent Thursday following reports that U.S. giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. planned...
No Frills, but Everything Else Is on Craigslist (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Ernie Miller, a 38-year-old software developer in Silver Spring, offers a telling clue as to how...
N.Y. to Sell Wireless Cos. Lamppost Space (AP) AP - Further proof New York's real estate market is inflated: The city plans to sell space on top of lampposts to wireless phone companies for  #36;21.6...
Google Rises in Market Debut (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Google Inc. (GOOG.O) rose 15\percent to  #36;98 in the first minutes of their Nasdaq stock\market debut on Thursday after the year's most...
August Mid-Atlantic Factory Output Slows (Reuters) Reuters - Output at U.S. Mid-Atlantic factories\slowed in August as new orders dropped sharply, suggesting\recent weakness in the economy is likely...
30-Year Mortgage Rates Lowest Since April (Reuters) Reuters - Interest rates on U.S. 30-year\mortgages stayed under 6 percent for a third straight week,\mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on...
Leading Indicators, Jobless Claims Dip (AP) AP - A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in July for the second consecutive month, reinforcing evidence that the nation's financial...
SEC: Staffer Heading to Private-Sector Job (AP) AP - The Securities and Exchange Commission announced Thursday that a top staffer overseeing the  #36;7.6 trillion mutual-fund industry will step down...
Google Rises in Market Debut  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O...
August Mid-Atlantic Factory Output Slows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Output at U.S. Mid-Atlantic factories  slowed in August as new orders dropped sharply, suggesting  recent weakness in the economy is...
Stocks Sink, Dragged by High Oil Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday as  investor worries about high energy costs hurting corporate  profits kept indexes lower after oil prices...
Court Deals Blow to Movie Studios  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies by...
Nortel to Cut 3,500 Jobs to Boost Profits  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO...
Navistar Profit Rises, But Shares Fall  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Commercial truck maker Navistar  International Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NAV.N...
UAL: Pension Plan Terminations Likely  CHICAGO (Reuters) - United Airlines, which has said it  plans to miss nearly \$500 million in pension contributions this  fall, said in bankruptcy court papers...
Medtronic Drops, Results Fail to Inspire  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of Medtronic Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MDT.N...
Petsmart Earnings Rise, But Shares Slump  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Petsmart Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PETM.O...
Google Shares Begin Trading on Nasdaq Shortly before noon today, Google Inc. stock began trading under the ticker symbol GOOG on the Nasdaq stock market. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans...
Oil Prices Set New High, Again Crude futures climbed above \$48 a barrel Thursday as market fears of sabotage against the Iraqi oil infrastructure outweighed assurances from Baghdad that exports...
Europe joins Citigroup bond probe France and Germany's market watchdogs say they are looking into Citigroup bond trades already under scrutiny in the UK.
Ireland raises growth forecasts Ireland is poised to grow faster with a smaller deficit thanks to the global economic recovery, the government says.
Amazon moves into China US internet giant Amazon.com is buying China's largest web retailer Joyo.com, in a deal worth \$75m (41m).
French output steps up the pace Europe's bigger economies register yet more productivity growth, while the UK starts to fall behind.
Apple warns about bad batteries Apple is recalling 28,000 faulty batteries for its 15-inch Powerbook G4 laptops.
Aer Lingus unveils cost cut plans Irish airline Aer Lingus offers workers at least 40,000 euros each to take voluntary redundancy under cost cutting plans.
Bangladesh wins \$2bn India deal Indian conglomerate Tata is to invest \$2bn in a power plant in Bangladesh, the country's single largest foreign investment ever.
Oil Prices Hit \$48 a Barrel as Iraq Violence Flares Oil prices struck a fresh record today on violence in Iraq and evidence that strong demand growth in China and India has not slowed due to higher...
Leading Indicators and Jobless Claims Dip A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in July for the second consecutive month, reinforcing evidence that the nation's financial...
Being Frugal With Google Google begins trading. Finally. Bill Mann's pretty tired of the navel-gazing.
A Plastic, Fantastic Gem Claire's Stores continue to crank up sales and get more profitable along the way.
The Value of Star Power Coca-Cola lets basketball star LeBron James create a new version of Powerade.
Kroger's Profit Up, But Price Cuts Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co., the top U.S. grocer, on  Tuesday posted a 29 percent rise in quarterly profit due to  cost controls, but price cuts to lure...
New Device: Flying Robot Seiko Epson hopes the tiny robot will help in security, disaster and rescue and space exploration. Also: Apple recalls batteries from its 15-inch PowerBook G4 laptops  ...
Apple to Recall 28,000 Laptop Batteries (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Inc. (AAPL.O) has\agreed to recall about 28,000 batteries used in its 15-inch\PowerBook G4 laptop computers, the U.S....
Drugstore Offers New Wave of Disposable Cameras (Reuters) Reuters - Pharmacy chain CVS Corp. on Thursday\said it would offer the world's first disposable digital camera\with a bright color viewing...
AT amp;T dials up VoIP service with cable deals (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - AT amp;T (T) is teaming with America's big cable TV operators to offer phone service over their broadband Internet lines,...
Court Deals Blow to Movie Studios (Reuters) Reuters - A federal appeals court on Thursday\delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major\movie studios and music companies by ruling...
Online Games Could Be Next Big Thing, But Not Yet (Reuters) Reuters - Video games makers searching\for the next big thing to pull in players at Europe's biggest\computer games fair hope to tempt more...
India's leading IT company TCS to list stock next week after share offer (AFP) AFP - Top Indian software exporter Tata Consultancy Services will list its share on the Bombay Stock Exchange next week...
Apple recalls PowerBook batteries (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday issued a recall for PowerBook batteries sold from January 2004 through August 2004 for use with 15-inch...
Chimps From Dutch Lab Face Housing Crisis (AP) AP - Dozens of chimpanzees from a Dutch laboratory face a housing crisis after plans for their early retirement on the Spanish coast collapsed because...
Scientists to Study Effects of Ship Waste (AP) AP - A team of scientists is traveling a 600-mile stretch of the Inside Passage this month to study the effects of cruise ship waste and other...
Australian Wheat Farmers Brace for Huge Locust Plague (Reuters) Reuters - Australia's wheat farmers, fresh from\battling the country's worst drought in a century, are now\threatened by a plague of...
Subway Sandwiches:  quot;Warum sind die Amis so fett? quot; That would be "Why are the Yanks so fat?" to you and I.    This was the slogan used in Germany for a recent  Subway/Super Size Me joint...
Alienware evolves from gamers to corporates Revamped website signals desire for broader customer base
Stocks Slightly Ahead, Lower Oil Helps  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were slightly higher on  Tuesday, with lower oil prices helping support markets, but  Johnson   Johnson &lt;A...
Grades sent by videophone Alexandra Cook is told her A-level results while on holiday in Australia - by her mum 12,000 miles away.
Napster launches download chart Online music service Napster teams up with Virgin Radio to launch a music download chart.
Apple to Recall 28,000 Laptop Batteries  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info...
EA Video Game 'Madden' Tops 1.3 Million First Week  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - "Madden NFL 2005," the latest  version of Electronic Arts Inc.'s &lt;A...
Google's IPO: Grate Expectations Google plans to raise as much as \$1.67 billion in its public stock offering today, but even that impressive estimate doesn't hide the fact that the hype surrounding...
No Frills, but Everything Else Is on Craigslist A freewheeling Internet marketplace, &lt;a href="http://www.craigslist.org"&gt;www.craigslist.org&lt;/a&gt; fulfills its users' varied needs. &lt;FONT...
Amazon to Buy Chinese Retailer Joyo.com Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc. said on Thursday that it will buy Joyo.com Ltd., which\runs some of China's biggest retail Web sites, for about \$75 million...
US Army Deserter, Family Arrive In Wife #39;s Japanese Hometown SADO. Japan -- A North Carolina man who deserted the US Army for North Korea nearly 40 years ago says today is the first day of the...
Center Nurtures Newborn Security Cos. The Chesapeake Innovation Center is an Annapolis incubator focused solely on developing homeland security technologies.
Demand Helps CACI Profit Increase 56 CACI International Inc. said increased demand for its homeland security and intelligence services helped boost fourth-quarter profit by 56 percent over the same...
IPod Music Player Winning Over Japan Fans When Sony Corp. President Kunitake Ando showed off the new Walkman meant to counter the assault by Apple's iPod portable music player, he held the prized...
Vogue Adds Online Shopping Feature While Vogue's September issue is still offering its famously dramatic images of 6-foot beauties clad in high fashion, the publication is adding an extra element...
Review: Robovacs No Match for Vacuum A new generation of robotic vacuums is ready to do battle with dirt, dust and dog hair with more cleaning power and cunning than their ancestors could muster....
Nortel to Cut 3,500 Jobs to Boost Profit &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;NT.TO&gt; &lt;NT.TO&gt;posted long-awaited preliminary results for the first half...
Seiko Epson Develops Micro Flying Robot Seiko Epson Corp. is developing a flying robot that looks like a miniature helicopter and is about the size of a giant bug. The company hopes it'll prove handy...
Wash. Man Forms E-Mail Rejection Service NEW YORK - Attention, ladies: If that guy hitting on you just won't quit until you surrender your e-mail address, feel free to call upon Paper Napkin.
EA Video Game 'Madden' Tops 1.3 Million First Week &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - "Madden NFL 2005," the latestversion of Electronic Arts Inc.'s &lt;ERTS.O&gt;  pro football...
Antarctic craters reveal strike Scientists map enormous impact craters hidden under the Antarctic ice sheet using satellite technology.
Mars hill find hints at wet past Nasa's robotic rover Spirit has found evidence that water washed and altered rocks in the hills it has been exploring on Mars.
Animal shortage 'slows science' A shortage of laboratory apes and monkeys could be holding back research into new drug treatments and genetics, it is claimed.
Tech's impact on sport success Sports science has allowed athletes to prepare for this Olympiad using technology beyond their predecessors' wildest dreams.
Locusts ravage northern Nigeria The locusts swarming across West Africa reach  northern Nigeria, devastating fields of crops.
Walking in the Void of Space NASA -- Venturing into the vacuum of space, with its extreme temperatures and the challenges of weightlessness in what amounts to a personal spacecraft, can never become...
New Mexico Museum to Launch Names Into Space ALAMOGORDO, N.M. (AP) -- The New Mexico Museum of Space History will be shipping names to the stars with the first X-Prize launch into space...
Cooking on a Comet...? European Space Agency -- One of the ingenious instruments on board Rosetta is designed to smell the comet for different substances, analysing samples that have been cooked in a...
Boxer Bowe to Launch Comeback in Sept. (AP) AP - Former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe is coming out of retirement after a 17-month prison stint, with a scheduled return to the ring Sept. 25.
Cavaliers Sign Varejao to Three-Year Deal (AP) AP - The Cavaliers signed Brazilian rookie forward Anderson Varejao to a three-year contract Thursday.
American Amanda Beard Snatches the Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Amanda Beard, twice an Olympic silver  medallist back in 1996, finally won individual Olympic gold  when she snatched victory from...
The Art of Controlled Aggression  ATHENS (Reuters) - The word judo means "Way of Gentleness"  in Japanese.
Conquering Man -- and Beast -- Is Crawford's Goal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Conquering man's fastest runners at the  Olympics is not the only sprint show that may await American  Shawn Crawford; his agent...
Hamilton's career highlights Won 1999 Tour of Denmark Finished 10th in individual time trial in 2000 Olympics at Sydney
Wheels are spinning in Marblehead It didn't take long for word of Tyler Hamilton's Olympic gold medal to spread throughout his hometown of Marblehead.
Hungary Race Debrief: Fernando solidly best of the rest A closer look at the data from Sundays race shows Fernando full deserved his third place at the Hungaroring after a flawless drive.
Fernando Alonso: A job well done The Spaniard didnt quite repeat last years achievement, but his Hungarian podium left him satisfied all the same.
Budapest, Race: Renault on the podium Fernando Alonso finished third in the Hungarian Grand Prix, behind two unbeatable Ferraris.
Hungarian Grand Prix, Race Fernando finishes third in Hungary, and scores the team's sixth podium of the year.
Peirsol's Medal Restored American Aaron Peirsol reclaims the gold medal Thursday night in the 200-meter backstroke after his disqualification was reversed.
Owners Extend Selig Owners vote to extend Bud Selig's term as baseball commissioner for three years through 2009 in a unanimous vote Thursday.
Expansion Alters Format With the expansion of the ACC, the men's basketball schedule will not incorporate the double round robin format in which each school plays every other twice.
Hungary Ends America's Winning Run Defending Olympic champion Hungary hands the United States its first loss in water polo preliminaries Thursday, beating the Americans 7-5.
Najaf, Scarred by Urban Warfare, Prepares for More (Reuters) Reuters - If U.S. and Iraqi troops launch a\major assault on radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr's militants,\they will have to pass through...
Annan Vows to Protect U.N. Staff from Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan called\at an emotional tribute on Thursday for the prosecution of\those behind the "cold-blooded...
Stonehenge Tunnel Faces Tough Road Ahead (Reuters) Reuters - Whoever built Stonehenge,\the 5,000-year-old circle of megaliths that towers over green\fields in southern England and lures a million...
Iraq's South Oil Co. Headquarters Torched (AP) AP - Shiite militants loyal to radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr broke into the headquarters of Iraq's South Oil Co. on Thursday and set the company's...
Egypt Air and Gulf Air sign strategic alliance (AFP) AFP - Egypt Air and Gulf Air signed a strategic alliance to boost their cooperation, especially in the Middle East.
Sen. Zell Miller to Be GOP Keynote Speaker (AP) AP - Get ready for some more "Zell zingers" from the political convention in New York. But this time, a Bush will be the beneficiary, not the target.
FEC Says Corzine Can Give Unlimited Funds (AP) AP - Wealthy members of Congress can give unlimited amounts of their own money to groups for get-out-the-vote drives even though they are barred from...
The youth vote: Hard to tell how it will turn out (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The youth vote, perhaps the most elusive quarry in U.S. politics, is being Rocked, Smacked Down, Rapped and otherwise...
Error Puts Kennedy on Airline No-Fly List (AP) AP - The Senate Judiciary Committee heard this morning from one of its own about some of the problems with airline "no fly" watch lists. Sen. Edward...
UK Police Arrest One Man Under Anti-Terror Laws  LONDON (Reuters) - Police arrested a man in central England  on Thursday under anti-terrorism laws.
Pakistan Arrests Two Al Qaeda Suspects  PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - Pakistani police arrested an  Algerian and one other foreigner suspected of links with al  Qaeda on Thursday in the northern...
Darfur Rebels Hold Out in Remote Camps  CORCHA CAMP, Sudan (Reuters) - Abdul Karim Abdalla pounds  the earth with a metal cane in a rebel camp in western Darfur,  passionately imploring his fellow...
Iraq's Sistani Leaves London Hospital After Operation  LONDON (Reuters) - Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, Iraq's most  influential Shi'ite cleric, was discharged from a London  hospital on Thursday after...
Iraq mortar fire hits US mission A mortar round hits the roof of the US embassy in Baghdad, slightly injuring two emplyees,  a spokesman says.
Dollar Slips to New Low Vs Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar fell to a new record low  against the euro on Tuesday as investors, tiring of tough talk  on exchange rates by European officials,...
Kerry Calls Ad Group a 'Front for the Bush Campaign' John Kerry made the comments after weeks of standing by as a group of Vietnam veterans criticized his wartime record.
Gov't Gives Najaf Militants 'Final Call' NAJAF, Iraq - Prime Minister Ayad Allawi issued a "final call" Thursday to Shiite insurgents to disarm and withdraw from a revered shrine after his government...
Leading Indicators, Jobless Claims Dip NEW YORK - A closely watched measure of future economic activity fell in July for the second consecutive month, reinforcing evidence that the nation's financial...
Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work' BOSTON - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Thursday of relying on front groups to challenge his record of valor in Vietnam, asserting, "He wants them...
Phelps Dominates 200 IM for Fourth Gold ATHENS, Greece - American Michael Phelps won his fourth gold medal of the Olympics in the 200-meter individual medley Thursday night, leading the entire race....
United Likely to Terminate Pension Plans CHICAGO - Cash-strapped United Airlines said in a bankruptcy court filing Thursday that it "likely" will be necessary to terminate and replace its employee...
Jackson Lawyers Call Accuser's Stepfather SANTA MARIA, Calif. - Michael Jackson's defense lawyers aim to find out whether authorities violated his attorney-client privilege when they broke into the...
Dream Team Pulls Away to Beat Australia ATHENS, Greece - LeBron James eyed Shawn Marion's pass coming toward him and made a split-second decision to redirect the ball. One nifty touch pass later,...
Error Puts Kennedy on Airline No-Fly List WASHINGTON - The Senate Judiciary Committee heard this morning from one of its own about some of the problems with airline "no fly" watch lists. Sen...
Google Shares Surge Nearly 18 Percent NEW YORK - Shares of Google Inc. surged nearly 18 percent in their market debut Thursday, in the culmination of a unique and bumpy initial stock offering for the...
Kerry: Bush Lets Groups Do 'Dirty Work' BOSTON - Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Thursday of relying on front groups to challenge his record of valor in Vietnam, asserting, "He wants them...
Price-Gouging New Worry in Charley's Wake ORLANDO, Fla. - The oak tree in Ilyse Kusnetz's back yard caused one headache when it crashed into her house during Hurricane Charley...
Court Deals Blow to Anti-Piracy Efforts (Reuters) Reuters - A federal appeals court on Thursday\delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major\movie studios and music companies, ruling...
Google Rises in Market Debut  NEW YORK/SEATTLE (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O...
Court Deals Blow to Anti-Piracy Efforts  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music companies,...
Stocks Sag as Oil Marches Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks tumbled on Thursday as oil  prices marched above \$48 a barrel, but Google Inc. &lt;A...
Barnes   Noble a Hit in 2Q The bookseller beats core earnings estimates and raises its full-year guidance.
Selig Receives Three-Year Extension (Reuters) Reuters - Owners on Thursday\unanimously voted to extend the term of baseball commissioner\Bud Selig for three years through 2009.
U.S. Soccer Team Playing With Confidence (AP) AP - They play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the Brazilians and Germans. And, for the U.S. men's soccer team, that's...
3 Schools Set to Join Sun Belt Conference (AP) AP - This is the last season the Sun Belt Conference will be scattered across the country.
Amanda Beard Finally Comes of Age in Athens  ATHENS (Reuters) - Amanda Beard credited her new-found  maturity for ending an eight-year wait for a second Olympic  gold medal in Athens Thursday.
Selig Receives Three-Year Extension  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Owners on Thursday  unanimously voted to extend the term of baseball commissioner  Bud Selig for three years through 2009.
Former Champ Bowe Eyes a Return to the Ring  SHAWNEE, Oklahoma (Sports Network) - Former heavyweight  champion Riddick Bowe is eyeing a return to the ring after  hanging up the gloves in 1996.
U.S. Aircraft Pound Shi'ite Rebels in Najaf (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. aircraft, apparently AC-130\gunships, pounded positions held by Shi'ite militiamen in the\Iraqi holy city of Najaf Thursday and...
Iraq Oil Exports Unchanged After Basra Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's oil exports are still flowing at\one million barrels per day through southern terminals despite\an attack on the South Oil...
Canada Says G7 Not Doing Enough to Help Africa (Reuters) Reuters - Leaders from the Group of Seven rich\industrialized nations need to do more to aid poor African\countries, Canadian Finance Minister...
Rice Counsels Patience During Iraq War (AP) AP - Defending President Bush's foreign policies, national security adviser Condoleezza Rice counseled Americans to be "less critical of every twist and...
Kerry Says Bush Uses Surrogates to Do 'Dirty Work' (Reuters) Reuters - John Kerry accused President Bush of\using surrogates to "do his dirty work," as the Democratic\presidential challenger hit back...
Border Patrol Training Moves Near Mexico (AP) AP - Incoming Border Patrol agents will train closer to the U.S.-Mexican border when the federal government relocates their academy to Artesia, N.M.,...
S.Korea's Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father's Past  SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea's ruling Uri  Party resigned Thursday, an unexpected first casualty of  President Roh Moo-hyun's...
Jackson Accuser Kin Wanted Compensation SANTA MARIA, Calif. - The stepfather of the boy who accused Michael Jackson of molestation testified Thursday that he asked for payment from Jackson for the...
Stocks End Down as Oil Tops  #36;48 a Barrel (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks ended lower on Thursday as\oil prices climbed above  #36;48 a barrel, prompting investor worry\about the effect of high...
U.S. Execs Plan More Hiring - Survey (Reuters) Reuters - Most senior executives at large U.S.\companies plan to increase hiring and investments over the next\12 months amid growing optimism about the...
US Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers' Piracy Claims  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and...
Parmalat Adds CSFB to Banks Being Sued  MILAN (Reuters) - Parmalat on Thursday fired off the latest  lawsuit in its bid to recover billions of euros from banks that  did deals with the now insolvent...
Parmalat sues US bank CSFB Italian food giant Parmalat is pushing ahead with plans to sue its former auditors by taking CSFB to task over a bond deal back in 2002.
US Web Shoppers #39; Holiday Spending Up Online consumers in the United States spent \$8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in November, a 19 percent jump over the \$7.4 billion spent online a...
Bank of Canada leaves interest rates unchanged The Bank of Canada announced today it is keeping its trend-setting overnight rate at 2.5 per cent, amid fears that the falling US dollar could hurt...
Navratilova Loses; Fish, Dent Advance (AP) AP - Martina Navratilova's long, illustrious career will end without an Olympic medal. The 47-year-old Navratilova and Lisa Raymond lost 6-4, 4-6, 6-4 on...
Flu-shot maker says surplus will stay in Canada The US health secretary is expected to announce an order for five million more doses of flu vaccine, but it appears they won #39;t come from Canada.
Steelers G Simmons Out for Season (AP) AP - Pittsburgh right guard Kendall Simmons will miss the season with a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee.
Adrenaline Junkie Phelps Losing Sleep at Night  ATHENS (Reuters) - Adrenaline junkie Michael Phelps won his  fourth gold medal of the Athens Olympics Thursday and then  complained he was having...
American Aaron Peirsol's Gold Restored on Appeal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Aaron Peirsol was awarded gold in the  men's 200 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics on Thursday  after winning an appeal...
Gap Profit Off, Sees More Store Closings (Reuters) Reuters - Gap Inc. (GPS.N), the largest U.S.\specialty apparel retailer, on Thursday reported a slight\decline in quarterly profit, meeting lowered...
Google Up in Market Debut After Bumpy IPO  NEW YORK/SEATTLE (Reuters) - Google Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O...
Gap Profit Off, Sees More Store Closings  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Gap Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GPS.N&lt;/A&gt;,...
Stocks Dip as Oil Soars; Google Shines  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks slid on Thursday, ending  four days of gains as oil prices continued their march higher,  but Google Inc. &lt;A...
#39;Googlers #39; scoop up piles of cash NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- While Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin each made tens of millions of dollars selling some of their holdings in the Internet...
Muni Manager Sees More Florida Bonds Ahead NEW YORK (Reuters) - As Florida attempts to recover from an estimated \$15 billion in damages left by Hurricane Charley, tax-exempt debt issuance from the...
United Airlines Likely to Terminate Pension Plans nited Airlines said today that it was likely to terminate and replace its four employee pension plans with less-generous benefits, a drastic move...
Qantas posts record year profit SYDNEY: Qantas Airways Ltd, Australia #39;s biggest airline, said yesterday its full-year profit doubled on cost cuts and a pick-up in passengers, but the prospect of...
Israel AG Says Shift Barrier to Avoid Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - Israel's attorney general urged the\government Thursday to swiftly reroute its barrier in the\occupied West Bank to minimize the...
U.S. Air, Ground Forces Pound Iraqi Militia Posts (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. aircraft and tanks pounded\Shi'ite militia positions around a holy shrine and ancient\cemetery in Najaf early on Friday,...
DaVita ready to expand dialysis services with \$3 billion deal US dialysis company DaVita Inc., a major employer in Pierce County, is poised to buy a Swedish health care companys dialysis operations...
Efforts underway to hold Korean crisis talks: US (AFP) AFP - Diplomatic efforts are underway to hold a preparatory meeting for the six-party talks aimed at ending the nuclear crisis in the Korean...
Bank of Canada missing  #36;10,000; employee fired, charged with theft (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The Bank of Canada has fired an employee after  #36;10,000 in cash went missing...
Bush Begins Weeklong Stay at Texas Ranch (AP) AP - President Bush and first lady Laura Bush are involved in a little he-said, she-said business here at the presidential ranch.
Israel AG Says Shift Barrier to Avoid Sanctions  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's attorney general urged the  government Thursday to swiftly reroute its barrier in the  occupied West Bank to minimize...
U.S. Air, Ground Forces Pound Iraqi Militia Posts  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. aircraft and tanks pounded  Shi'ite militia positions around a holy shrine and ancient  cemetery in Najaf early on...
Iraq Oil Flows Unchanged After Basra HQ Attacked  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Shi'ite militiamen struck at the center  of Iraq's oil industry Thursday, setting the South Oil Company  headquarters in the...
A journey into the epicenter of the Sadr standoff We alerted the Iraqi government, the US military, and the Mahdi Army; we were planning to go to the shrine.
US troop shift: A tale of two cities Bush's plan this week to restructure US forces in Europe is stirring up a mix of worry, nostalgia, and hope.
Famous scofflaws hit Japan US chess legend Bobby Fischer is the latest in a string of problem migrants for Japan.
United Airlines Likely to Terminate Pension Plans The cash-strapped airline said in a bankruptcy court filing today that it "likely" will be necessary to terminate and replace its employee pension...
Court Rules Some File-Sharing Companies Are Not Liable Grokster and StreamCast are not liable for the swapping of copyright content through their file-sharing software, a federal appeals court ruled...
Sunny Days for Video Games Video games were hot in July, and video game stocks should follow the trend.
Are Pests Plaguing PETsMART? Sales were lower than expected, and the quality of earnings is in question.
Manic Market? Be Like Buffett The graphs look like a nasty saw blade. The headlines are no help. What would Buffett do?
Gov't Gives Najaf Militants 'Final Call' NAJAF, Iraq - Prime Minister Ayad Allawi issued a "final call" Thursday to Shiite insurgents to disarm and withdraw from a revered shrine after his government...
Church Says Girls' Communion Not Valid BRIELLE, N.J. - An 8-year-old girl who suffers from a rare digestive disorder and cannot eat wheat has had her first Holy Communion declared invalid because the...
Google rises in market debut after bumpy IPO NEW YORK/SEATTLE, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) shares made their long-awaited stock market debut on Thursday, rising...
Insurance Claims Moving Quickly in Fla. PUNTA GORDA, Fla. Aug. 19, 2004  It took years for many insurance claims to be paid following Hurricane Andrew in 1992. This time, technology is helping speed...
New York crude smashes past 48 dollars for first time NEW YORK : New York crude oil smashed past 48 dollars a barrel for the first time, menacing the 50-dollar mark, as heavy fighting gripped the...
US Airways Off Course, Again Remember the 1980s movie Wall Street, starring Michael Douglas and Charlie Sheen? For those who don #39;t know, here #39;s a recap: To impress financier Gordon Gecko,...
More grunt left in BHP: chief BHP Billiton chief executive Chip Goodyear yesterday insisted this week #39;s record profit  quot;isn #39;t as good as it gets quot;, as the market wrestled with how to...
Amazon Snaps Up China #39;s Largest Web Retailer Amazon.com says it has reached an agreement to buy Joyo.com, the largest Internet retailer of books, music and videos in China, in a deal worth \$75...
Credit Suisse First Boston on Parmalat #39;s lawsuit list LONDON, August 19 (New Ratings)  Parmalat Finanziaria SpA (PAF.FSE) announced today that the company has filed a lawsuit against Credit...
Wall Street Slices SPAM Food purveyor Hormel Foods (NYSE: HRL) -- owner of the SPAM canned meat bonanza -- had good news this morning, or so you would think. Sales were up 15, unit volume was up 6,...
US Economy: Leading Indicators, Manufacturing Index Slow Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- The index of leading US economic indicators fell in July and Philadelphia-area manufacturing expanded at a slower pace...
Stock scheme sweeping nation NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Investors beware: If a wily female, apparently believing she #39;s calling someone else, leaves a message with you advising of a hot stock tip,...
Fleet workers get pink slips STAFF WRITER; Staff writers Alan J. Wax and Regina Marie Glick contributed to this story. As Bank of America pushes ahead with its takeover of Fleet Bank, about 1,000...
Update 1: Mylan Labs: FTC Clears Icahn Stock Buy Shares of Mylan Laboratories Inc., the largest US maker of generic drugs, surged Thursday after the company said investor Carl Icahn was given the...
Hamm Has Little Time to Savor All-Around Victory THENS, Aug. 19  It was nearly 3 am and Paul Hamm was alone on his porch at the Olympic village, sky dark, grounds quiet, gold medal hanging around his...
Reversal Gives Peirsol Gold; Phelps Wins 200 IM THENS, Aug. 29  Swimming #39;s technique critic came in for some criticism of his own tonight in the shark tank disguised as the Olympic pool. But all...
Gymnastics Gold Evens the US with China ATHENS (Reuters) - American swimmer Michael Phelps grabbed a fourth gold at the Athens Olympics Thursday with a clear victory in the 200 meters medley and gold...
Olympics-Mayo knocked out, women prosper ATHENS, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Gold medal favourite Carlos Moya joined the exodus of big name tennis players from the Olympics on Thursday, crumbling in the men...
SHOT PUT Bizarre turn of fortune A shot put competition unique in Olympic history -- ancient or modern -- turned into one of the strangest competitions in the Games history Wednesday evening as the...
Greek Gov #39;t: Games Will Top \$8.5 Billion ATHENS, Greece - Costs for the Athens Olympics are climbing again, expected to top \$8.5 billion because of the massive security and overruns in the...
Soccer: Portugal title hopes end VOLOS, Greece At least the Manchester United manager, Alex Ferguson, will be pleased that he has Cristiano Ronaldo back early from the Olympics. If only Ronaldo were...
Team USA #39;s big-bopper is tearing it up at the Games Team USA third baseman Crystl Bustos has been called the Barry Bonds and Sammy Sosa of softball, but a more apt comparison would be to Freddy...
Cleric Tells Militia to Turn Over Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (AP) - An aide to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said the militant leader instructed his followers late Thursday to turn over the keys of...
UN Staff Marks Baghdad Bomb Anniversary with Security Demand United Nations employees marked the anniversary of the Baghdad bombing with a demand for better security. The fear of further attacks...
S.Korea #39;s Ruling Party Head Resigns on Father #39;s Past SEOUL (Reuters) - The chairman of South Korea #39;s ruling Uri Party resigned Thursday, an unexpected first casualty of President Roh...
Shaukat Aziz Wins By-Election, now Prime Minister-Designate LAHORE, Pakistan: August 19, 2004 (PNS) - Current Federal Finance Minister, Mr. Shaukat Aziz won by-election on his way to officially...
How can Tutsi and Hutu divisions be resolved? The massacre of over 160 Congolese Banyamulenge Tutsis in Gatumba refugee camp in Burundi has once again brought to the fore the ethnic problem in Africa...
Poor nations pledge to reform UN DURBAN, South Africa (Reuters) - Developing countries have pledged to band together to force the West to help tackle their problems, ranging from poverty to reform of...
Bird flu outbreak in Malaysia Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Aug. 19 (UPI) -- Malaysian agriculture officials confirmed Thursday bird flu has been detected in two chickens in the northern state of Kelantan.
Hungary #39;s Socialists Dump PM, Forint Falls BUDAPEST, Hungary (Reuters) - Hungary #39;s ruling Socialists dumped Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy Thursday, in an attempt to strengthen their hold on...
Rite Aid Nov. Sales Fall, Bleak Forecast Rite Aid Corp. (RAD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the third-largest US drugstore chain, on Tuesday warned that if current sales trends continue its fiscal...
Wall St seen starting higher as oil price drops Wall Street futures crept higher in pre-market trading on Tuesday as the price of oil continued its slide and investors assessed the merits of possible...
Nordstrom Profit Up But Shares Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Upscale department store chain  Nordstrom Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JWN.N...
Job cutting worst in 2-1/2 years NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Employers announced 104,530 job cuts last month, capping the worst three months for cutbacks since early 2002, outplacement firm Challenger,...
Oil Prices Hit New High The price of this key commodity has risen by about a third just since the beginning of July. In London, oil closed at \$43.80 a barrel, while in New York oil closed at...
Delta plan includes job and wage cuts The much-awaited  #39;Transformation Plan #39; for Delta Air Lines Inc., one of Tampa International Airport #39;s largest carrier, will include further job cuts,...
Pace of Mid-Atlantic Factories Moderates NEW YORK (Reuters) - Factories in the US Mid-Atlantic region slowed a little in August but remained at solid levels, although new orders fell sharply in a...
Parmalat adds CSFB to list of banks being sued MILAN, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Parmalat on Thursday fired off the latest lawsuit in its bid to recover billions of euros from banks that did deals with the...
UPDATE: NZ #39;s Sky Network TV, INL Enter Merger Talks WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--New Zealand #39;s monopoly pay television operator Sky Network Television Ltd. (SKY.NZ) said Thursday it is in merger...
Pieter van den Hoogenband #39;s name may be too long, but he #39;s compelling Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands missed qualifying for the semis in the 50 freestyle this morning, and the...
Dope and Kenteris hold focus A weightlifting drugs scandal and yet another twist to the saga of disgraced Greek sprinter Kostadinos Kenteris dominated the Olympics on Thursday as China extended their...
Flyers #39; Kapanen gets contract extension Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Flyers Thursday agreed to a two-year contract extension with veteran forward Sami Kapanen. Financial...
USA beats Australia For three quarters the US Men #39;s Olympic Team (2-1) chased Australia (1-2) and still heading into the final 10 minutes the Americans trailed 67-65. Stepping up its defense, the...
Americans falter, while Ward faces an uphill climb Andre Ward was in the hallway waiting to fight when he got his first glimpse of the fighter standing between him and an Olympic medal.
Kobe Defense Opposes Releasing Statements (AP) AP - Defense attorneys argued that Kobe Bryant's statements to investigators after the NBA star was accused of rape last summer should be kept secret...
ACC Picks Jacksonville to Host Title Games (AP) AP - The Atlantic Coast Conference chose Jacksonville on Thursday to host its first two championship games.
Eight Wild Cards Added to U.S. Open (AP) AP - Alex Bogomolov Jr., ranked 110th, was among eight young American men given U.S. Open wild cards Thursday.
Moyo Knocked Out, Women Prosper  ATHENS (Reuters) - Gold medal favorite Carlos Moya joined  the exodus of big name tennis players from the Olympics on  Thursday, crumbling in the men's quarterfinals...
Basketball: U.S. Wins, Spain Reaches Playoffs  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States finally showed signs  of coming together as a team but still needed a late surge to  beat Australia 89-79 in the...
AP: Kids Left in Africa Begged for Change (AP) AP - Allegedly abandoned by their American mother in Africa as she took up military contract work in Iraq, seven children from Texas begged small change...
Nichols Declines to Appeal Convictions PONCA CITY, Okla. - Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols will not appeal his state murder convictions for his role in the 1995 bombing of the...
Insurance Claims Moving Quickly in Fla. PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - It took years for many insurance claims to be paid following Hurricane Andrew in 1992...
Mbeki: Ivory Coast Parties Agree to Push for Peace South African President Thabo Mbeki said Monday he had reached agreement with all sides in Ivory Coast #39;s conflict on measures which should speed...
Report: Mladic Gets \$520-A-Month Serb Army Pension  BELGRADE (Reuters) - Top war crimes suspect Ratko Mladic is  getting about \$520 a month in pension payments from the Serbia  and Montenegro...
Dance, Music to Liven German Building (AP) AP - Where communist East German legislators once ruled, modern dance and club music are taking over.
Georgia Forces Announce Big Gain Over Separatists  TBILISI, Georgia (Reuters) - Georgian forces seized  strategic heights from separatist fighters in rebel South  Ossetia Thursday and President...
Google #39;s New Stock Rises to \$100 Mark Description: In the first day of trading in shares of the Internet search engine company Google, the stock rises to above \$100. After much anticipation...
HCC Insurance Expects \$10M Charley Losses HCC Insurance Holdings Inc. on Thursday said it expects its third-quarter losses related to Hurricane Charley after reinsurance recoveries will be less than...
Jetstar boosts Qantas turnover BUDGET airline Jetstar has helped propel Qantas to a record post-tax profit of \$648.4 million. Qantas chief executive Geoff Dixon paid tribute to the subsidiary...
Mylan shares spike on interest by Icahn PHILADELPHIA, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Shares of Mylan Laboratories Inc. (MYL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) surged more than 10 percent on Thursday after billionaire...
American Aaron Peirsol #39;s Gold Restored on Appeal ATHENS (Reuters) - Aaron Peirsol was awarded gold in the men #39;s 200 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics on Thursday after winning an...
Simmons #39; season in jeopardy Latrobe, PA (Sports Network) - Pittsburgh Steelers starting guard Kendall Simmons is expected to miss the entire 2004 season after apparently suffering a torn anterior...
Big Indian Dream comes crashing down Two positive drug tests and Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi playing as if they were on tranquilisers. India had a nightmare day at the Olympics today.
England #39;s middle order saves the day England #39;s middle order came up trumps today after early wickets fell in the 4th and final npower test at the Oval.
The Changing Face Of Al-Qaeda In a series of apparently well-coordinated raids, British and Pakistani security forces arrested a number of terrorism suspects in early August. Some of the men arrested...
Famous scofflaws hit Japan TOKYO  For a country that shut out foreigners for hundreds of years, Japan has proved strangely attractive for problem migrants of late.
Men #39;s volleyball: US falls to Russia Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The United States men #39;s volleyball team fell below .500 Thursday night with a four-set loss to Russia in Pool B action.
Selig #39;s continued reign is bad for baseball In a move that defies logic, a vision for the future and good taste, baseball owners voted unanimously to extend the contract of commissioner Bud Selig...
Nepal asks Maoists for talks With the Maoist blockade of Kathmandu completing its second day, the Nepal government on Thursday asked the rebels to resume peace talks.
New Rules for 'Soft Money' Groups in 2006 (AP) AP - Non-party groups spending millions of dollars in unlimited donations on ads and get-out-the-vote drives in this year's presidential race will face...
Google Shares Hit \$100.34 in Market Debut SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a debut vaguely reminiscent of the dot-com boom, shares of Internet search giant Google Inc...
Jackson Accuser's Kin Asked for Payment SANTA MARIA, Calif. - The stepfather of the boy who accused Michael Jackson of molestation testified Thursday that he asked for payment for the family's...
Church Says Girl's Communion Not Valid BRIELLE, N.J. - An 8-year-old girl who suffers from a rare digestive disorder and cannot eat wheat has had her first Holy Communion declared invalid because the...
Cherry-Picking Growth (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Rural hospitals, car insurers and furniture stores aren't exactly the first businesses that come to mind when talking about growth stocks, but fund...
House Call (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - It says something when the world's largest home-improvement retailer, with  #36;65 billion in sales, is willing to risk its reputation on an  #36;800 fee. Home...
Relief funds almost spent, says Soliman Stunned residents in General Nakar, Quezon, picked their way through a wasteland of mud and rubble to leave storm-ravaged areas Tuesday as the government said...
Patterson Wins All-Around Gold Carly Patterson became the first American woman to win the gymnastics all-around competition since Mary Lou Retton in 1984.
Update 2: Two Firms Cleared of Swapping Violations The makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works swapped online by their...
Moscow Court Rejects Yukos Appeal A Moscow court has rejected a request to drop part of the criminal case against the jailed former chief of Yukos oil company, Mikhail Khodorkovsky.
United Airlines Says It May Terminate Pension Plans (Update3) Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- UAL Corp. #39;s United Airlines, trying to attract financing to exit bankruptcy, said it probably will terminate...
Search industry welcomes Google IPO, sees growth SEATTLE, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) competitors large and small welcomed the Web #39;s most popular search...
Hibernia to Sell Mortgage Portfolio Hibernia Corp., the holding company for Hibernia National Bank, said Thursday that it signed a letter of intent to sell its \$10 billion, third-party residential...
One China, May Exporters (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - China beckons stock investors with the lure of brisk economic growth. Yet a school of prominent China watchers, led by Morgan Stanley strategist ...
Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers' Piracy Claims  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music...
Tibetans accuse China of meddling in film festival (AFP) AFP - Tibetan activists in India claimed that five films on Tibet have been dropped from the upcoming Asian Film Festival in Bombay under...
Vanguard Group Closes Int'l Explorer Fund  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Vanguard Group, the second-biggest  U.S. mutual fund firm, said on Thursday it has closed the \$1.4  billion Vanguard International...
Movie, Music Makers' Piracy Claims Denied  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday  delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major  movie studios and music...
Mets Beat Rockies 10-3 to Open Twinbill (AP) AP - Mike Cameron homered and drove in four runs, and Kris Benson pitched six solid innings to lead the New York Mets past the Colorado Rockies 10-3...
Our kids losing ground in math, science OTTAWA -- Canadian students have slipped in the rankings of an international test in reading, math and science, dropping out of the top five in math and...
Google goes public, shares surge nearly 20 percent on first day In the most highly anticipated Wall Street debut since the heady days of the dot-com boom, shares of Google surged nearly 20 percent on...
Update 1: US Airways Union Says Labor Deal Is Near Union leaders representing US Airways pilots said Thursday that a new labor agreement could be struck soon, telling their rank and file a new deal...
Delta Air #39;s Revival Plan Preaches Austerity Delta Air Lines (DAL:NYSE - commentary - research) will cut employees and benefits but give a bigger-than-expected role to Song, its low-cost unit, in...
Boston Scientific Stent Gets Extension Medical-device maker Boston Scientific Corp. said Thursday that the Food and Drug Administration approved an extended shelf life of nine months for its Taxus...
This lying, sneaky spirit of the Games THE struggle for the soul of the Olympics is still not won, not in a thousand years and more. On Wednesday, token events took place on the sacred site where the...
Too tall, too old, too artistic, Khorkina makes grand Olympic exit ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- The diva does not warm up before her performance. Not much, anyway. That is something that other gymnasts do,...
Loos? Not in Becks #39; vocab HOW fares Sven-Goran Eriksson? After all his nocturnal romping, were England just as rampant against the Ukraine? Why, certainly.
US men #39;s soccer team carries itself with a swagger They play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the Brazilians and Germans.
Google Up in Market Debut After Bumpy IPO  NEW YORK/SEATTLE (Reuters) - Google Inc. shares made their  long-awaited stock market debut on Thursday, rising sharply to  \$100 after an initial public...
Google makes market debut IN A debut vaguely reminiscent of the dot.com boom, shares of internet search giant Google surged in their first day of public trading.
Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers #39; Piracy Claims LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major movie studios and music...
Hall upset over snub ATHENS  Gary Hall Jr. resurfaced for the first time since being left off the medal race in the 4x100-meter sprint relay last weekend, and as expected, he had an opinion.
Men #39;s Singles : Chile and USA secure medals ATHENS, 20 August - The semifinal line-up in the men #39;s singles has been settled with both contests featuring a Chile v USA match-up, so each nation...
Anno breaks Olympic jinx with judo gold ATHENS  Four-time judo world champion Noriko Anno broke her Olympic jinx by winning gold in the women #39;s 78-kilogram event Thursday at the Athens Games but...
American Patterson overcomes Russian for all-around Olympic title The 20-year wait is over. America has its new Mary Lou, and her name is Carly Patterson. The 16-year-old dynamo beat Russian...
A new generation of US sprinters take their marks As track and field begins at the Games, it is up to athletes like Lauryn Williams to set right a sport seared by scandal.
Sharon #39;s leadership in crisis as Likud rejects settler plan Ariel Sharon #39;s political obituary was being written yesterday as opponents in Labour and his own Likud party turned their backs on...
Parmalat adds Credit Suisse Extraordinary commissioner Enrico Bondi has filed a claim against CSFB in a Parma court in connection with a forward sale agreement between the bank and Parmalat dating...
Google has strong first day of public trading After a bumpy ride toward becoming a publicly traded company, Google Inc. finally saw its stock start trading on the Nasdaq exchange at around noon...
Phelps adds 200-medley to his tally of gold ATHENS  Michael Phelps certainly will not beat Mark Spitz #39;s record seven Olympic swimming gold medals in Munich in 1972, but the American youngster is...
James Lawton: Khorkina the fallen tsarina loses to American princess Svetlana Khorkina was born in a poor industrial town on the Ukraine border, but not in her mind. There, she inhabited the Winter...
In badminton, two deserving champions ATHENS As they lunged and lobbed with astonishing skill on Thursday, it was difficult to know whose personal journey had made them the worthier Olympic women...
Beckham - played well on Tyneside (Getty Images) Sven-Goran Eriksson hailed David Beckham #39;s strength of character in recovering from his Euro 2004 woes as he said:  quot;Criticism only makes him...
Devils re-sign Brylin Brylin, entering his 11th NHL season, agreed to a multiyear deal. He appeared in all 82 regular-season games last year, and had 14 goals and 19 assists.
Lara must lead by example or face losing the captaincy The West Indian players and their supporters must be sick to death of reading comments that are highly critical of the way they have played in...
Balancing the risks in holy Najaf Ayad Allawi #39;s ultimatum yesterday to the rebel Shia cleric Moqtada al Sadr - who is holed up with his fighters in the holy city of Najaf - was notable for one...
Opp will be taken along on all issues: Shaukat ISLAMABAD: Newly elected member of the National Assembly and prime minister-designate, Shaukat Aziz, said on Thursday that Mr Aziz said the government...
DPRK negative #39;over US offer on nuclear weapons HONG KONG: North Korea shows no sign of accepting US incentives to give up its nuclear weapons programmes, Australian Foreign Minister Alexander...
Reversal Gives Peirsol Gold; Phelps Wins 200 IM Despite being disqualified shortly after his final, Aaron Peirsol was eventually reinstated as the winner of the 200-meter backstroke event.
Mets Open Doubleheader With Victory Mike Cameron homered and drove in four runs, and Kris Benson pitched six solid innings to lead the Mets past Colorado.
US stocks: Market dips as oil rises and Google shines NEW YORK - US stocks slid on Thursday, ending four days of gains as oil prices continued their march higher, but Google Inc. created a buzz as...
Precision and Pressure in a Classic Stadium THENS, Aug. 19  The two finalists in the men #39;s archery strode out this afternoon and took their positions side-by-by side between the twin columns...
Sportsview: Khorkina makes grand exit ATHENS, Greece (AP)  The diva does not warm up before her performance. Not much, anyway. That is something that other gymnasts do, and Svetlana Khorkina will...
Dodgers acquire Dessens for bullpen Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Dodgers acquired right- handed pitcher Elmer Dessens and cash considerations from the Arizona Diamondbacks in...
Moore, seven others advance at Amateur MAMARONECK, NY -- NCAA Division I champion Ryan Moore advanced to the quarterfinals Thursday at the US Amateur at Winged Foot Golf Club.
UN peace chief warns of more violence after Burundi massacre UNITED NATIONS : The UN #39;s peacekeeping chief warned of a surge in violence after the massacre of Congolese refugees in Burundi and...
AL: Paul, Guerrero, Erstad Guide Angels to Win (Reuters) Reuters - Josh Paul, Vladimir Guerrero and Darin\Erstad hit multi-run homers to lead the Anaheim Angels to a\10-7 victory over the Tampa Bay...
U.S. Uses Lethal Aircraft to Try to Break Sadr (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. military pounded positions\held by radical clerical Moqtada al-Sadr's lightly armed\militiamen early Friday, unleashing one...
NL Wrap: Maddux, Sosa Help Cubs Beat Brewers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Greg Maddux overcame a shaky start to  post his 301st career win while Sammy Sosa hit his 566th career  home run as the Chicago Cubs...
Canadian flagbearer Gill bids hasty exit from Olympic judoka event (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ATHENS (CP) - Montreal's Nicolas Gill will now play the role of spectator at the Summer Games.
Israel's Peres Urges Election, Pressures Sharon  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's opposition Labor Party  leader pushed an already embattled prime minister to the wall  by advocating early elections a...
Analysis: Doctors a Part of Iraq Abuse LONDON - Doctors working for the U.S. military in Iraq collaborated with interrogators in the abuse of detainees at Baghdad's Abu Ghraib prison, profoundly...
Tokyo's Nikkei Average Falls  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.46 percent  early morning on Friday with technology shares such as Fujitsu  Ltd. leading the way, following a retreat in...
Hewitt advances Lleyton Hewitt of Australia moved into the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-3, 6-2 victory over Alejandro Falla of Colombia in Washington.
Patterson overcomes low vault score to win all-around gold ATHENS, Greece  In gymnastics style and personality, it was like watching an American high school cheerleader bringing down the Russian...
3 countries will appeal in eventing ATHENS France, Britain and the United States issued a joint challenge Thursday to Germany #39;s gold medal in equestrian team three-day eventing.
NL Wrap: Maddux, Sosa Help Cubs Beat Brewers NEW YORK (Reuters) - Greg Maddux overcame a shaky start to post his 301st career win while Sammy Sosa hit his 566th career home run as the Chicago Cubs...
Football: US-Jamaica CONCACAF Semifinal Qualifier Ends in Draw Second-half substitute Brian Ching scored the first goal of his international career in the 89th minute to give the United States...
Shutdown of the Uffizi is threatened over cuts ROME Italy #39;s culture minister has threatened to shut down the Uffizi museum if the government does not scale back planned spending cuts.
Auction Debate to Outlive Google Debut (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. (GOOG.O) debuted as a\public company on Thursday, but that did not stop the debate\over whether its auction-based IPO was a...
Al-Sadr Tells Militia to Turn Over Shrine (AP) AP - Radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr ordered his fighters Thursday to hand control of a revered Najaf shrine to top Shiite religious authorities, hours...
AP: Kids Left in Africa Begged for Change (AP) AP - Allegedly abandoned by their American mother in Africa, seven children from Texas begged small change to buy food and shuttled from a neglectful...
AP: Kids Left in Africa Begged for Change IBADAN, Nigeria - Allegedly abandoned by their American mother in Africa, seven children from Texas begged small change to buy food and shuttled from a...
Baseball Gives Selig Contract Through 2009 PHILADELPHIA - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig received a contract extension through 2009 Thursday as owners praised his 12-year reign, but dissension...
India fight back to beat Germany in Champions Trophy (AFP) AFP - India came from behind to defeat new-look Germany 3-1 and remain in contention for a podium finish in the men's Champions Trophy field...
Baseball Gives Selig Contract Through 2009 (AP) AP - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig received a contract extension through 2009 Thursday as owners praised his 12-year reign, but dissension surfaced...
UConn Aide Put on Leave After Sex Bust (AP) AP - Connecticut placed assistant men's basketball coach Clyde Vaughan on paid administrative leave Thursday after his arrest in a prostitution sting.
COWBOYS 43, SEAHAWKS 39 Jones had 198 yards rushing and three touchdowns, helping Dallas erase a 10-point deficit with less than three minutes to play as the visiting Cowboys stunned the Seattle...
Google shares top 100 on debut NEW YORK Despite voluble skepticism among investors, Google #39;s stock jumped about 18 percent to \$100.01 a share when it debuted Thursday on the Nasdaq stock market.
Update 11: Crude Oil Prices Climb Above \$48 a Barrel Crude futures climbed above \$48 a barrel Thursday as market fears of sabotage against the Iraqi oil infrastructure outweighed assurances from...
StreamCast, Grokster escape suit AP - A US court says the makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works swapped online by their...
Wal-Mart looking at Japan #39;s Daiei TOKYO Wal-Mart Stores is considering taking a stake in the heavily indebted Japanese retailer Daiei, a move that could greatly expand the presence of the world...
Hibbett 2Q Earnings Drop 6 Percent Hibbett Sporting Goods Inc. on Thursday said its second-quarter results dropped 6 percent year-over-year on weaker licensed apparel and fitness-equipment sales,...
Delta faces tricky task in restructuring debt NEW YORK, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is taking steps toward restructuring at least some of its roughly \$20...
Market little changed at open THE sharemarket was virtually flat at the open today as losses in the financial sector and News Corp nullified gains in resources and gold stocks.
Michael Hill sparkles Jeweller Michael Hill International has seen its annual profit rise 30 due to increased sales, the company says.
Casual approach, shot selection land Anthony seat on Team USA bench The question of what #39;s up between coach Larry Brown and nailed-to-the-bench young forward Carmelo Anthony is not, to be sure,...
Granville crushes Czech LAURA GRANVILLE of the United States crushed fifth-seeded Denisa Chladkova of the Czech Republic 6-1 6-1 to reach the quarter-finals of the WTA event here today.
Peres Calls for Israeli Elections After Likud Rejects Talks Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Shimon Peres, chairman of the opposition Labor Party, said Israel should have early elections after the ruling Likud...
Auction Debate to Outlive Google Debut NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) debuted as a public company on Thursday, but that did not stop the debate over whether its...
Judges rule file-sharing software legal update A federal appeals court has upheld a controversial court decision that said file-sharing software programs such as Grokster or Morpheus are legal.
US Air CEO denies liquidation talk CHICAGO (Reuters) - The chief executive of US Airways said Thursday that a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing is still a possibility for the ailing carrier but that talk...
Investors See Only Negatives Some say indexes dropped Thursday because investors are idling until some good news comes around. Maybe so, but the trading volume of the Nasdaq-100 tracking stock, which...
US Economy Recovery slows, leading indicators drop NEW YORK (AP) - Offering more evidence that the US economic recovery is losing steam, a closely watched gauge of future business activity has fallen...
Clearly Carly in women #39;s all-around As Carly Patterson waited for her final routine Thursday night, her coach looked into her eyes and saw a fire that burned brighter than the Olympic flame.
Even in win, nasty vibes ATHENS -- As you saw yesterday, they #39;re fighting back now. Not with the world, but with themselves. When you #39;ve been humiliated at your own game, ridiculed and...
Second Wave for US Makes the Difference INGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 19 - Sixty minutes into Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifying match against Jamaica, with the United States trailing by 1-0, Brian Ching...
UConn assistant coach placed on administrative leave Connecticut placed assistant men #39;s basketball coach Clyde Vaughan on paid administrative leave Thursday after his arrest in a prostitution...
Najaf stand-off has beginnings in earlier US failures in Fallujah The battle of Najaf, in which Iraq #39;s fledgling government is being held to ransom by the occupation of Shia Islam #39;s holiest...
Blair confined to quarters after bomb discovery Italian newspapers claimed yesterday that the Blair family had been confined to their luxury Tuscan quarters following the discovery of a time bomb in...
Global warming on the rise The European Environment Agency reported global climate change, including frequent floods, droughts and heat waves, are severe and will continue to worsen.
Natural Gas Seems Headed the Way of Oil: More Demand, Less Supply, Higher Cost At a time when the nation is chafing at its dependence on foreign oil, it is becoming clear that the United States may...
Kmart: Rich in Cash and Real Estate but Not in Sales Kmart looks like a true retail oddity: simultaneously losing ground with the American shopper and generating cash like a slot machine.
Google jumps 18 pc on debut NEW YORK (CNN/Money) -- Google stock jumped 18 percent in its long-awaited but rocky debut Thursday.
Crude oil soar above \$48 a barrel in NY NEW YORK, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Crude oil futures jumped to new record high Thursday as market concerned that Iraqi exports might drop further because of...
Vanguard closes international fund SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Responding to a torrent of new money into its top-performing Vanguard International Explorer fund, the Vanguard Group closed the foreign...
Hamm Faces Future and Savors Moment THENS, Aug. 19 - It was nearly 3 am, and Paul Hamm was alone on his porch at the Olympic Village, sky dark, grounds quiet, gold medal hanging around his neck just...
With Duncan Providing a Beat, the US Finds Its Rhythm THENS, Aug. 19 - Tim Duncan nearly tore the backboard from its moorings when he dunked the basketball on Thursday, hanging on the rim for...
Notes: Ichiro CAT scan proves OK KANSAS CITY -- A precautionary CAT scan taken on Ichiro Suzuki on Thursday afternoon was  quot;completely normal quot; and the right fielder could continue his...
Journalists journey into the center of the storm NAJAF, Iraq  What we were about to do was more than risky. It was foolish. Thursday, several journalists began organizing a delegation to enter the...
ICJ ruling on Israeli fences may lead to sanctions: Attorney General JERUSALEM, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli Attorney General Menachem Mazuz said Thursday that the Hague ruling by the International...
Japanese Stocks Edge Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks edged lower by  mid-morning on Friday as a retreat on Wall Street and worries  about record-high oil prices prompted profit-taking in...
Rewards Have Risks on the Tehran Stock Exchange The Tehran Stock Exchange has performed magnificently, but the market's list of risks is outsized.
7 More Managers Fired Over Nortel Accounting The company announced the firings on Thursday along with a restructuring plan that included layoffs of about 3,500 employees.
Tokyo Stocks Treading Water  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks spent Friday morning  treading water as worries over record-breaking oil prices and  their possible impact to the global economy...
Another medal, two records ATHENS -- Attention, ladies and gentlemen. For his next act, Michael Phelps will break an Olympic record, hurry to the warm-down pool for a swim, run to the locker room,...
Day 6 Roundup: China back on winning track After two days of gloom, China was back on the winning rails on Thursday with Liu Chunhong winning a weightlifting title on her record-shattering binge and...
ATHENS 2004/Inoue crashes out ATHENS-In one of the biggest shocks in Olympic judo history, defending champion Kosei Inoue was defeated by Dutchman Elco van der Geest in the men #39;s 100-kilogram...
20 Years Later,  #39;the Next Mary Lou #39; Takes Her Place After months of carrying around the pressure to win an Olympic all-around gymnastics title, after being dubbed the next Mary Lou Retton so...
Athens Olympics Games: Expensive and Over-Hyped Olympics? JEDDAH, 20 August 2004  First, let me make it clear that I have always enjoyed watching the Olympic Games on television ever since I was a...
Owen given warm welcome at first Real Madrid session MADRID, Aug 19 (Reuters) - England striker Michael Owen was given a warm welcome by his new Real Madrid team mates and waiting fans on Thursday...
Latham on the mend Federal Labor leader Mark Latham is up and walking around this morning and his office says there is every indication he will leave hospital in the next 48 hours.
'Oil Shock' Has Some Economists Worried With growth slowing in China, Europe and Japan, some worry that rapidly escalating prices will trigger a self-reinforcing spiral of falling demand.
Sen. Kennedy Flagged By Secret No-Fly List Sen. Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy said Thursday that he was stopped and questioned at airports on the East Coast five times last March.
United Says Pensions' Termination Likely Cash-strapped UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines, continues efforts to further cut costs and emerge from bankruptcy.
After Months of Hoopla, Google Debut Fits the Norm In the stock #39;s first day of trading, investors bought, sold and flipped shares at a furious pace, with the price ending just above \$100 - 18...
Update 1: Qantas Says Oil Prices Will Boost Charges Australian flag carrier Qantas on Friday raised fuel surcharges on domestic and international tickets, blaming the skyrocketing price of crude oil...
US press hit by new circulation figures scandal The company behind the Dallas Morning News agreed on Monday to hand back \$23m (12.5m) to advertisers after admitting circulation figures for the daily...
US rates on 30-year mortgages down to a 4-month low WASHINGTON, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- The average interest rate of 30-year mortgages in the United States declined to the lowest level in four months...
Americans Carly Patterson, Michael Phelps Win Gold (Update10) Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Carly Patterson became the first American to win an Olympic gold medal in the women #39;s all-around gymnastics...
Khorkina #39;s Final Act Centers on Bitterness THE other competitors eagerly chatted with their coaches using high-pitched voices in need of WD-40; Svetlana Khorkina hardly spoke at all as she...
Spectre of closure haunts the Uffizi One of the world #39;s greatest art museums, the Uffizi gallery in Florence, may be forced to close by huge government spending cuts, the Italian heritage...
NYMEX Crude Strikes Record \$48.90  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - NYMEX crude oil futures struck  another record at \$48.90 a barrel on Friday before the  prompt-month expiry, as surging violence in Iraq...
Loss Widens at Wet Seal et Seal Inc., a retailer of clothing for young women, said yesterday that its second-quarter loss widened after the company recorded a \$75.5 million expense to write down the...
Earnings Climb 62 at Hormel Foods he Hormel Foods Corporation posted a 62 percent increase in quarterly profit yesterday, though higher grain costs kept profit below analysts #39; expectations.
Agfa-Gevaert, Photo Pioneer, to Sell Film and Lab Business RUSSELS, Aug. 19 - Agfa-Gevaert, one of the oldest names in the photography business, said on Thursday that it was selling its consumer film...
FINA rejects protest over Peirsol #39;s reinstatement ATHENS, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- FINA, the swimming #39;s world governing body, has rejected protest from national federations of Britain and...
Indian doubles pair crash out India #39;s hopes of an Olympic tennis gold medal evaporated last night when Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi lost 6-2, 6-3 to Germany #39;s Nicolas Kiefer and Rainer...
American Patterson takes women #39;s all-around gymnastics gold ATHENS, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- American Carly Patterson, runner-up in the 2003 Worlds, took the women #39;s individual all-around...
Missed target Unfavorable exchange rates and fear of terrorism are keeping many would-be spectators at home. ATHENS-An uninformed spectator stumbling into the Athens Olympic Sports Complex on...
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Athens, Greece -- LeBron James snuck behind Australia #39;s zone defense in the fourth quarter and quickly made eye contact with Stephon Marbury, who lobbed the ball...
Liverpool set for flurry of transfers Rafael Benitez could continue the flurry of activity at Anfield before the transfer window closes at the end of the month.
Minister #39;s poll triumph puts him in line to be Pakistan #39;s next PM Three weeks after surviving an assassination attempt, Pakistan #39;s finance minister, Shaukat Aziz, confirmed his place as...
US Airways Asks Pilots for Pay Cut  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;,...
Global LCD Oversupply to Peak in Q3  SEOUL (Reuters) - A global oversupply of large-sized liquid  crystal displays (LCDs) is forecast to peak in the third  quarter of this year, but it will balance...
United Warns It May Jettison Pension Plans to Stay Afloat United Airlines said the termination of its four employee pension plans was needed to attract the financing that would allow it to emerge...
File-Sharing Sites Found Not Liable for Infringement A court ruled that the distributors of software used by millions of people to exchange music files over the Internet cannot be held liable for...
Google shares surge in first day after IPO price cut NEW YORK, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Shares of Google Inc. closed sharply higher Thursday on their first day of trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market...
Nortel cutting 3,500 jobs, fires 7 executives Nortel Networks is eliminating 3,500 jobs and has fired seven more top executives as it struggles to deal with an accounting scandal that has prompted a...
Phelps wins fourth gold at Athens Olympics ATHENS, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Michael Phelps won his fourth gold medal at the Olympic Games in the men #39;s 200m individual medley here on Thursday.
Tourists award gold to Athens ATHENS (Reuters) - The Olympic hosts are winning rave reviews after the first week of the Athens Games, with foreign visitors expressing delight with the friendly, clean...
NFL ROUNDUP Flutie Eases Back in After Knee Surgery an Diego Chargers quarterback Doug Flutie participated yesterday in his first full practice since having arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Aug....
Determined Davenport continues winning streak NEW YORK, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Top seed Lindsay Davenport recovered from a set down to battle past American compatriot Lilia Osterloh 4-6 6-4 6-1 in the...
Blast rocks Nepal police post KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Maoist guerrillas have set off a bomb at an empty police post near Kathmandu, police say, and the Nepali capital remains cut off by land for the...
Global LCD Oversupply to Peak  SEOUL (Reuters) - A global oversupply of large-sized liquid  crystal displays (LCDs) is forecast to peak in the third  quarter of this year, but it will balance out by...
Dollar Hits Fresh 4-Week Low Versus Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar hit a fresh four-week low  against the yen on Friday on stronger-than-expected Japanese  data and as Tokyo stock prices showed...
OPEC Chief: Concerned with Oil Price Rise  JAKARTA (Reuters) - OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said  on Friday he was concerned with the continuing rise in global  oil prices, but the cartel had...
Japan #39;s Topix Index Gains; Retailers Led by Daiei Inc. Advance Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Japanese retail stocks rose as Daiei Inc. surged on optimism a possible investment by Wal-Mart Stores Inc....
India #39;s Pratima, four others suspended for doping : Five weightlifters, including India #39;s Pratima Kumari, were Thursday suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) for...
Reds with a Spanish spine Rafael Benitez would not have imagined a more troubled introduction to his debut Premiership season following Michael Owen #39;s shock transfer. NANTHA KUMAR examines the...
Going extra innings Ten years ago, Bud Selig was commissioner of a sport shut down in a bitter labor dispute and headed for the darkest period in its long, illustrious history.
White House pays tribute to UN envoy killed in Iraq WASHINGTON, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- The White House on Thursday paid tribute to United Nations envoy Sergio Vieira de Mello who was killed in the...
OPEC Chief: Concerned with Oil Price Rise (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said\on Friday he was concerned with the continuing rise in global\oil prices, but the cartel had not...
Oil Marches Toward  #36;50, Weighs on Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices marched toward  #36;50 a\barrel on Friday, weighing on Asian stock markets as investors\fretted over the impact of high...
Stocks Dip as Oil Soars; Google Shines (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks slid on Thursday, ending\four days of gains as oil prices continued their march higher,\but Google Inc. (GOOG.O) created a buzz...
Gap Profit Off, Sees More Store Closings (Reuters) Reuters - Gap Inc. (GPS.N), the largest U.S.\specialty apparel retailer, on Thursday reported a 7 percent\decline in quarterly profit, meeting...
Google shares soar 18 percent on first day In the stock #39;s first day trading, investors bought, sold and flipped shares at a furious pace, with the price ending just above \$100 -- 18 percent...
Nortel Will Cut Workforce by 10 Percent TORONTO, Aug. 19 -- Nortel Networks Corp. said Thursday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting...
Qantas Boosts Flight Surcharges as Fuel Prices Soar (Update2) Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Qantas Airways Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest airline, increased a surcharge on all tickets as the cost of jet fuel...
Appeals Court Ruling Favors File-Sharing SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 19 -- The makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for copyrighted works swapped online by their users, a...
Nordstrom #39;s profits up 62; stock falls Nordstrom Inc. #39;s second-quarter profit surged 62 percent on sales of fashions such as tweed jackets and ponchos, but the company missed analyst...
Brokerage Gets Fine, 1-Month Ban on Opening New Accounts NEW YORK, Aug. 19 -- National Securities Corp., a Seattle brokerage firm, has agreed to a one-month ban on opening mutual fund accounts and...
Ohio sues Best Buy, alleges deceptive sales practices Best Buy Co., the biggest electronics retailer in the nation, was sued yesterday by Ohio #39;s attorney general, who accused the company of...
Americans playing it cool in the pool ATHENS  Michael Phelps might receive his last gold medal of the Athens Olympics in a way no one would envision.
Anno Captures Japan #39;s 6th Judo Gold; Inoue Fails to Win Medal Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Noriko Anno, four-time world champion, won Japan #39;s sixth judo gold medal Thursday, defeating China #39;s...
Patterson makes it an all-around sweep for US Two decades later, it #39;s time to make room for Carly Patterson as America #39;s next reigning champion of Olympic women #39;s gymnastics.
Manning Does His Part to Start a Controversy HARLOTTE, Aug. 19 - Eli Manning was handed his first chance to prove he could be a starting quarterback in the NFL Thursday night against the Carolina...
Dismal weather takes control of NEC AKRON, Ohio -- Golf was supposed to be the headliner Thursday at Firestone Country Club in Akron. What turned out to be the featured performer, instead, was a...
Thursday #39;s Golf Capsules Stewart Cink made five birdies on his first 10 holes and led by one shot over Rod Pampling before the rain-delayed first round of the NEC Invitational was suspended by...
Sports: Yankees 13 Twins 10 MINNEAPOLIS The New York Yankees coughed up a 9-to-3 lead before rallying in the ninth inning to beat Minnesota 13-to-10.
Standoff Continues with Militant Cleric in Najaf Fighting continues in Najaf even though Iraq #39;s Prime Minister Iyad Allawi has made a final call to Shi #39;ite militants to lay down their weapons...
Russia Accuses Georgia of Violating Cease-Fire Government forces battled separatists for strategic areas near South Ossetia #39;s main city as Georgia sought the upper hand in some of the worst...
Hungary Crisis Deepens as Prime Minister Quits Moving to end a political crisis with its government coalition partner, Hungary #39;s Socialist Party has announced that Prime Minister Medgyessy is no...
Google Up in Market Debut After Bumpy IPO (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. shares jumped 18\percent in their long-awaited stock market debut on Thursday,\after a scaled-down  #36;1.67 billion IPO...
Google Up in Market Debut After Bumpy IPO  NEW YORK/SEATTLE (Reuters) - Google Inc. shares jumped 18  percent in their long-awaited stock market debut on Thursday,  after a scaled-down \$1.67 billion...
Google #39;s Auction Loosens Wall Street #39;s Grip on High-Priced IPOs Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Google Inc. #39;s share sale has put Wall Street on notice: The old way of doing business may be ending.
The Aftermath Of Charley: The Most Expensive States To Insure Your Home There are always trade-offs to every place people choose to live. If you live in New York, it #39;s too expensive. If you live...
Paul Hamm #39;s example PAUL HAMM #39;S fall and rise are what make the Olympics so much more than a sports event. The US gymnast who spun despair into gold on Wednesday gives hope to the whole human...
All-American girl ATHENS -- That was then and this is now. That was there and this is here. So which is a bigger moment? Mary Lou Retton #39;s  quot;No-Fault Vault quot; that produced America #39;s...
Security Officials Relieved, Vigilant ATHENS, Aug. 19 -- Worried about the potential for a terrorist catastrophe, Greece is spending about \$1.5 billion on security for the Olympic Games. The biggest...
Google Up in Market Debut After Bumpy IPO NEW YORK/SEATTLE (Reuters) - Google Inc. shares jumped 18 percent in their long-awaited stock market debut on Thursday, after a scaled-down \$1.67 billion...
US Airways asks pilots for 16.5 cut in pay Struggling US Airways (UAIR) has asked its pilots to accept a 16.5 pay cut while giving them the chance to recoup some of the money by flying more.
Daiei shares soar as Wal-Mart confirms interest in ailing retailer TOKYO : Shares in ailing Japanese retailer Daiei Inc. jumped 16 percent after US giant Wal-Mart Stores Inc. confirmed it was...
FDA to Inspect Boston Scientific Stent Plant -WSJ NEW YORK (Reuters) - The US Food and Drug Administration expects to inspect Boston Scientific Corp. #39;s Galway, Ireland factory in the  quot;near...
BofA lays off 1,000 at Fleet Boston, MA, Aug. 19 (UPI) -- Bank of America has issued pink slips to 1,000 Fleet Boston employees across the Northeast and Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass., said he would...
Tokyo Stocks Flat in Late Trade  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks were flat in afternoon trade  on Friday as worries about record high oil prices took the edge  off investors' appetite for recently...
Chevron to appeal pipeline ruling ChevronTexaco, America's second-biggest oil company,  is to appeal a court ruling ordering it to pay damages from a pipeline leak, reports say.
Militants Bomb Two Churches in Mosul (AP) AP - Militants bombed two churches Tuesday in Mosul, wounding three people in a coordinated attack apparently aimed at stirring trouble between religious...
Braves Edge Dodgers 6-5 (AP) AP - Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth inning, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-5...
Yankees Blow Lead but Beat Twins 13-10 (AP) AP - Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning Thursday night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw, 13-10 win over...
Manning Decent in Debut but Giants Lose (AP) AP - Although the spotlight was on Eli Manning, Jake Delhomme shone the brightest.
Agassi Moves Into Legg Mason Quarters (AP) AP - Andre Agassi breezed into the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Kristian Pless on Thursday night.
Yankees' Closing Acts Resolve All Plot Twists It was a surreal and stomach-turning night for the Yankees against the Minnesota Twins on Thursday, and when it ended, it was also a successful night.
Bugel's Fine Line Redskins assistant head coach Joe Bugel returns to  turn his new group of "Dirt Bags" into a mirror image of his "Hogs" of the 1980s.
Fields Treasures Job After missing all of the Carolina Panthers' 2004 Super Bowl season with Hodgkin's disease, linebacker Mark Fields appreciates every second he spends on the field.
Davis Starts Anew Virginia Tech defensive end Jim Davis is ready for a big senior season after missing all of last year with a torn pectoral muscle.
Owens, Lewis Face Off After an offseason of verbal jousting when wide receiver Terrell Owens shunned the Ravens for the Eagles, Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis and Owens take it to the field on Friday.
Hewitt Doesn't Miss Athens Australian Lleyton Hewitt is disappointed at the timing of the Olympics as it related to the tennis schedule and is happy he skipped the Games.
Improved Pitching Has the Keys Finishing on an Upswing As the season winds down for the Frederick Keys, Manager Tom Lawless is starting to enjoy the progress his pitching staff has made this season.
Bowe Re-Enters Ring Fresh from being released from federal prison last May, former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe has set up his first comeback bout for Sept. 25
April trial date set for Australian accused of murdering British tourist (AFP) AFP - An Australian mechanic will stand trial  next April over the outback murder three years ago of British tourist...
Kean Leaving Drew U., No N.J. Run Planned (AP) AP - The chairman of the Sept. 11 commission, former New Jersey Gov. Thomas H. Kean, will retire as president of Drew University in the spring, the...
Kerry Legal Team Member Is Issued Citation (AP) AP - A member of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's national legal team received a citation on accusations he solicited a prostitute, but...
Five Killed in U.S. Bombing of Iraq's Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - A U.S. bombing raid on the  restive Iraqi town of Falluja, west of Baghdad, overnight  killed five people and wounded six, a...
Kerry attacks 'Vietnam tactics' John Kerry accuses George W Bush of using a front group to launch attacks on his Vietnam war record.
Stocks little changed on IBM, J amp;J news Stocks are little-changed in early trading. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is down five points in today #39;s early going. Losing issues on the New York...
Day Seven preview: Athletics begins Latest updates as Denise Lewis prepares her bid for heptathlon gold.
Key US forces to stay in Germany The US military says it will keep its European command in Germany amid plans for a broader pull-out.
Anarchists Emerge as the Convention's Wild Card New York police consider self-described anarchists the unknown factor in whether the Republican convention demonstrations remain under control.
Yankees Blow Lead but Beat Twins 13-10 MINNEAPOLIS - Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning Thursday night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw, 13-10 win...
Producer Sues Over 'Rings' Trilogy Profits LOS ANGELES - Pay up, Frodo. So says Saul Zaentz, a Hollywood producer who has sued New Line Cinema for \$20 million in royalties from the blockbuster "Lord...
Jackson's Lavish Lifestyle Put on Display SANTA MARIA, Calif. - The elegant life of Michael Jackson was put on display in a courtroom Thursday when defense attorneys showed videotaped scenes from...
U.S. Struggles to Win Muslim Hearts, Minds The Bush administration is facing growing criticism that it has failed to move aggressively enough in the war of ideas against al Qaeda and other Islamic...
Court verdict: WTC terror attacks were two occurrences for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A New York court ruled that the World Trade Center terrorist attacks were two separate event, meaning leaseholder...
South Korea in growth spurt South Korea's economy grew faster than expected in the second quarter, but growth is still held back by poor domestic demand.
U.S. Chain Store Sales Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales rose in the  week ended December 4, as average sales were generally ahead of  last year, but customer counts were down, a...
Guidant Shares Up on J J Deal Report  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of medical device maker Guidant  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N...
U.S. Plane Launches Airstrike in Fallujah (AP) AP - U.S. forces launched an airstrike Friday in the troubled Iraqi city of Fallujah, witnesses said. A U.S. plane fired at least one missile into an...
Rebels Explode Two Bombs in Katmandu (AP) AP - Suspected rebels shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Katmandu on Friday as the guerrilla blockade of the Nepali capital...
GOP Convention Delegation More Diverse (AP) AP - Republicans point to record levels of diversity among delegates to their upcoming convention, though the GOP isn't close to matching the makeup of the...
Kathmandu hit by 'rebel' blasts Suspected Maoist rebels in Nepal explode two bombs in Kathmandu, on the third day of a blockade of the capital.
India weightlifters test positive Pratima Kumari and Sanamacha Chanu become the first Indians to fail a drugs test at an Olympics competition.
Braves Edge Dodgers 6-5 LOS ANGELES - Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth inning, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Los Angeles Dodgers...
Stocks Open Flat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed in  early trade on Tuesday, as a report of a possible \$24 billion  takeover of cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. &lt;A...
Nortel Turns a Tiny Corner The Canadian telecom equipment maker has issued its first post-accounting-scandal financial update. So far, so good ...
Crude Oil May Rise From Record on Supply Threats (Update1) Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil futures in New York will probably rise next week, after setting records every day except one since July, on...
Qantas raises fuel surcharge Qantas Airways has raised its fuel surcharge on domestic and international tickets by \$4 and \$7, respectively, because of the high price of oil.
Tokyo Stocks Flat in Late Trade Retailers such as Ito-Yokado got a lift after government data showed activity in Japan #39;s service sector rose in June as a wide range of businesses including...
Update 4: Two Firms Cleared of Swapping Violations In a judicial blow to the entertainment industry, a federal appeals court ruled that makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally...
United wants out United Airlines told a federal bankruptcy court it likely would have to terminate its employee pension plans and replace them with leaner retirement benefits in order to survive.
Jury holds Texaco liable for 1955 leak SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW ) -- A jury has ordered Texaco to pay \$15 million to finish the cleanup of a 1955 gas pipeline spill in a small town in Montana, and to...
Delta fare plan now seems fair Delta Air Lines #39; decision to reduce fares out of Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport is good news for the region, but the key will be whether the...
Agassi waltzes into Washington quarter-finals Top-seed Andre Agassi easily advanced to the quarter-finals of the Washington ATP tournament overnight, with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Kristian Pless.
In Greece, an Inside Track for Some Costas #39; nerves are on edge. It #39;s 10:45 am, and he can #39;t get his usual frappe, a coffee-and-milk concoction that #39;s one of Greece #39;s most popular...
US gymnasts double the gold ATHENS, GREECE - Twenty years ago in Los Angeles, it was Mary Lou Retton and the vault without fault.
Yankees beat Nathan to avoid Minny sweep Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - Gary Sheffield tied the game in the ninth inning with his second homer of the game and Hideki Matsui singled home Alex...
Braves get a win off Gagne LOS ANGELES -- It wasn #39;ta save situation. But the Braves made sure Eric Gagne enjoyed a second consecutive depressing night, with some help from Johnny Estrada, who...
Woods near top of soaked NEC AKRON, OHIO - Tiger Woods was cruising at one of his favorite courses before a pair of dropped shots cost him a share of the lead at the weather-delayed WGC-NEC...
Two Wounded in Second Bomb Blast in Nepal Capital KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Two people were wounded after a second bomb exploded in Nepal #39;s capital on Friday, the third day of a blockade of the...
Darfur plan  #39;difficult #39; The United Nations is seeking to disarm both rebels and government-backed militias in Darfur, a senior UN official says.
Typhoon Megi slams into northern Japan TOKYO (Reuters) - Typhoon Megi has killed one person as it slammed ashore in northern Japan, bringing the death toll to at least 13 and cutting power to...
Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party dumps PM BUDAPEST, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Hungary #39;s ruling Socialist Party said Thursday that it accepted Prime Minister Peter Medgyessy #39;s resignation and...
ANALYSIS-China Uses Deng Xiaoping Centenary to Laud Reform BEIJING (Reuters) - The architect of China #39;s dramatic economic reforms. A benevolent leader who rehabilitated millions purged in the...
Nikkei Ends Flat, Oil Concerns Weigh  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks ended flat on Friday as  worries about record-high oil prices took the edge off  investors' appetite for recently battered...
Oil Near \$49 on Mounting Iraq Violence  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Global oil prices rallied to fresh  highs on Friday with U.S. crude approaching \$49, driven by  escalating violence in Iraq and...
Yen Hits 4-Week High Versus Dollar  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen hit a fresh four-week high  against the dollar and edged up against the euro on Friday as  stronger-than-expected Japanese data gave the...
IMF's Rato Sees World GDP 4.6 Percent  MADRID (Reuters) - IMF Managing Director Rodrigo Rato sees  world economic growth of "around 4.6 percent" in 2004 and 2005,  according to an interview published...
Olympics boosts WPP growth WPP, the world's third largest advertising services group, has reported 15 growth in profits in the first half of the year.
Oil Near  #36;49 on Mounting Iraq Violence (Reuters) Reuters - Global oil prices rallied to fresh\highs on Friday with U.S. crude approaching  #36;49, driven by\escalating violence in Iraq and...
Google stockowner for a day: a memoir One week ago, I submitted a bid for Google Inc. stock that overestimated the eventual auction price of the computer search company #39;s initial public offering...
Oil Near \$49 as Iraq Violence Escalates  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Global oil prices raced to fresh  highs on Friday with U.S. crude approaching \$49, driven by  escalating violence in Iraq and unabated...
Stent recalls could hit inventory The three recalls of Boston Scientific Corp. cardiac stents since July 2 affected many more units than the company has previously disclosed, raising concerns among...
Google gets a bounce, ends its first day up 18 percent Shares of Google leaped \$15.34, or 18 percent, to \$100.34 on the Nasdaq exchange yesterday in an opening day of trading that harkened back to...
Google stockowner for a day: a memoir If only the rest of my investments worked out this way. One week ago, I submitted a bid for Google Inc. stock that overestimated the eventual auction price of...
Oil prices flare up amid Iraq violence WASHINGTON -- Crude futures plowed to a new high near \$49 a barrel yesterday as the threat of sabotage to Iraqi oil infrastructure loomed larger than promises...
State's consumer confidence rises Consumer confidence in Massachusetts jumped to its highest level in more than two years as an improving outlook on the economy and job market sparked consumers'...
United Airlines likely to end pension plans UAL Corp.'s United Airlines, trying to attract financing to exit bankruptcy, said it probably will terminate and replace all its pension plans.
Where's the WiFi? Park's developer wants to know Ten years ago, Boston real estate developer Norman B. Leventhal spearheaded the transformation of a grungy Financial District garage into a park...
Nortel Networks to cut 3,500 TORONTO -- Nortel Networks said yesterday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three...
FDA approves lung cancer drug WASHINGTON -- The Food and Drug Administration yesterday approved a cancer drug made by pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly and Co. to treat advanced non-small cell lung...
Notebook: Six weightlifters caught using steroids ATHENS  Weightlifting #39;s governing body isn #39;t about to give up its aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters, even if it jeopardizes the sport #39;s...
Britain target Beijing gold British badminton star Nathan Robertson has set his sights on Olympic gold in Beijing following his silver medal with Gail Emms at the Athens Games.
Eli Manning outplays Warner in 1st NY start CHARLOTTE, NC  Eli Manning stepped to the line, pointing out the defense just like brother Peyton.
Major League Baseball News The Yankees had to venture into improbable territory Thursday night to avoid their first sweep by the Twins since 1991. But like they #39;ve done so many times this season,...
Al-Sadr is sent  #39;final call #39; BAGHDAD, Iraq - Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi issued a  quot;final call quot; yesterday for Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to agree to a new set of...
Peres calls for early general election The leader of the opposition Labour party in Israel, Shimon Peres, has called for an early general election.
Kathmandu hit by  #39;rebel #39; blasts Suspected Maoist rebels in Nepal have set off two bombs in Kathmandu, on the third day of a blockade of the capital.
Power struggle also to blame for Sudan violence KHARTOUM, Sudan - The violence in Sudan #39;s western province of Darfur, where more than 30,000 people have been killed and hundreds of thousands have...
Typhoon leaves 18 missing or dead in Japan, South Korea The casualty toll from a typhoon that has lashed South Korea and Japan this week has reached at least 18 dead or missing.
Hungarian Parliament to Elect Premier on Sept. 6, Kovacs Says Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Hungary #39;s parliament will elect a new prime minister on Sept. 6 to succeed Peter Medgyessy, who is quitting...
Mbeki urges reform of global agencies His call came at the end of his opening address to the ministerial conference of the grouping of 114 developing nations.
An IPO Afterglow in Googleland The most hyped new issue since Netscape chalked up a very tidy gain on its first day of trading. Peace reigns in the Valley ...
Nortel Networks to cut 3,500 TORONTO -- Nortel Networks said yesterday it will slash its workforce by 3,500, or 10 percent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three...
Oil barrels toward \$50 Next stop, fifty bucks. Analysts said crude futures could climb that high today, pushed to the psychological barrier of \$50 US a barrel by speculative buying amid escalating...
Qantas Boosts Flight Surcharges as Fuel Prices Soar (Update5) Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Qantas Airways Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest airline, increased a surcharge on all tickets as the cost of jet fuel...
Delta #39;s debt plan raises concerns; US Airways labor deal due Delta Air Lines #39; plan to restructure some of its debt outside of bankruptcy has raised concerns among credit analysts who believe...
Nikkei Ends Flat, Oil Concerns Weigh TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks ended flat on Friday as worries about record-high oil prices took the edge off investors #39; appetite for recently battered...
Peer-to-peer networks win ruling Companies providing software that helps music and movie lovers trade files with each other can #39;t be held financially responsible for copyright theft resulting...
Zurich Financial nearly doubles profit Swiss insurance giant Zurich Financial Services has reported a first-half net profit of \$US1.5 billion (\$A2.1 billion), up 93 per cent from \$US752 million...
Bank of America puts name on Celebrity Series of Boston A day after laying off hundreds of Fleet bank workers, Bank of America received a boost of positive publicity from the arts world.
United  #39;likely #39; to end pensions For the first time, United Airlines has acknowledged that it is  quot;likely quot; to terminate its pension plans, a move the carrier said it needs to attract...
Nordstrom profit soars in quarter, but not enough for Wall St. Nordstrom reported a strong second-quarter profit as it continued to select more relevant inventory and sell more items at full price.
Amazon to purchase Chinese on-line retailer Amazon.com Inc. has agreed to buy Joyo.com, China #39;s largest on-line retailer of books, music and videos, for \$75-million (US) to gain access to the...
American claims Khorkina crown ATHENS -- With a dazzling routine on the floor, American Carly Patterson staked her claim last night as the new queen of gymnastics. Patterson, 16, spoiled Russian...
Turnabout fair play for Peirsol On a night when a disqualification was posted, protested, counterprotested twice and ultimately tossed out, the American swimmers claimed their largest medal haul of...
Woods #39; No. 1 is safe for now Tiger Woods lost the lead to Stewart Cink yesterday but his world ranking is safe for the moment. Free from the burden of trying to make the Ryder Cup team, Cink...
Phelps on way to great 8 That #39;s the goal now, with two events remaining in what already has been a grueling Olympic schedule for this 19-year-old US swimming star.
Weight of drugs felt Weightlifting #39;s aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters will continue even if it jeopardizes its future in the Olympics, its top official said yesterday following six more...
Olympic diary: Day seven British support in the badminton arena on Thursday caught everyone by surprise, not least the Chinese.
Olympic Notes Costs for the Athens Olympics are climbing again, expected to top \$8.5 billion US because of the massive security and overruns in the last-minute scramble to get venues ready, a...
Let gymnasts be kids, not athletic lab rats DAY 6: Canadian sprinter Macro-man (Nic Macrozonaris) told a news conference yesterday that he had a dream in which he won the 100-metre sprint in 9.83...
#39;Peg psychologist helps Ford focus ATHENS -- Of the 10,000 athletes in the Athens Olympics, David Ford may be the only one who brought his own personal psychologist.  quot;Probably, quot; Roger...
Stop that blame game ATHENS -- Adam van Koeverden has a message for his fellow Canadian athletes -- quit whining about circumstances you can #39;t control.  quot;You can #39;t fall into a corner and...
US tanks  #39;encircle Najaf shrine #39; American tanks have reportedly encircled the Imam Ali shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf, after intensively bombarding rebel positions overnight.
Annan vows to protect UN staff from attacks GENEVA - Those behind the  quot;cold-blooded murder quot; of 22 people at the United Nations office in Baghdad one year ago must be held to account, no...
Pakistan hunts for key Al Qaeda figure ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistani security forces are hunting a Libyan Al Qaeda leader whom senior intelligence officials see as a possible key to finding Osama...
Oil price hits new high on Iraq violence In the SINGAPORE story headlined  quot;Oil hits new high on Iraq violence quot; please read in the 13th paragraph .... as its imports in the first seven ...
Improved Latham to leave hospital Federal Labor leader Mark Latham will leave hospital on Saturday at midday after being given the all-clear by doctors.
US: Time Running Out in Airbus-Boeing Row  PARIS (Reuters) - The United States said on Tuesday it may  soon take legal action in a trade row over government help for  Airbus and Boeing, particularly...
Waiting For Google NEW YORK - Benjamin Franklin, that annoying know-it-all, famously said,  quot;Never put off until tomorrow that which you can do today. quot; ...
Court rules two software firms not liable for file-share claims San Francisco (AP) -- Grokster Ltd. and StreamCast Networks Inc. are not liable for the swapping of copyright content through their...
Swiss Re, Zurich peg Charley costs LONDON (CBS.MW) - The costs of Hurricane Charley in Florida to the insurance industry were becoming clearer on Thursday after two major Swiss insurers estimated...
State #39;s hospitals can get money if illegal immigrants give status During the next four years, hospitals in the state of Washington could be reimbursed nearly \$13 million for emergency care they...
Italy #39;s Brugnetti Upstages Perez in 20km Walk ATHENS (Reuters) - Italy #39;s former world champion Ivano Brugnetti returned to the limelight to upstage favorite Jefferson Perez and win the...
Late surge lifts US past Aussies ATHENS -- The Mason #39;s Union membership cards should be arriving any day now, but while they wait for them to be distributed, the United States men #39;s...
For starters, Eli makes case CHARLOTTE - Kurt Warner may still be the favorite to start the regular-season opener for the Giants. But Eli Manning isn #39;t making Tom Coughlin #39;s decision very...
ACC game gets home BLACKSBURG -- Jacksonville, Fla., will be the home for the ACC #39;s first two championship games in football in 2005 and  #39;06, the Atlantic Coast Conference announced Thursday.
Youngsters Ready to Make Mark in Track A new wave of talent will be on display when track and field takes center stage at the Olympic Games.
Sporadic gunfire in Najaf after aide says radical cleric orders fighters to leave Najaf shrine NAJAF, Iraq (AP) Sporadic gunfire echoed through Najaf on Friday after a night of heavy US bombing that...
Bombs Explode in Nepal Capital as Rebel Siege Bites KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Suspected Maoist guerrillas set off two bombs in and around Nepal #39;s capital on Friday, wounding two people as the...
Cleric prays #39; for freelancer #39;s freedom Rogue Iraqi Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr has called for the release of an American freelance journalist with New England roots who was seized in...
Darfur humanitarian crisis easing, UN says KHARTOUM, Sudan  While violence remains a major concern, the humanitarian crisis in the Darfur region is easing and large-scale deaths from malnutrition and...
Australia #39;s Howard rules out snap election while rival still ill SYDNEY : Australian Prime Minister John Howard said he would not call a snap general election while opposition leader Mark Latham...
Plant operators grilled by safety panel probing Japanese nuclear plant explosion TOKYO The operators of a Japanese nuclear plant say there was no evidence of danger at the plant before a deadly...
All-American girl That was then and this is now. That was there and this is here. So which is a bigger moment? Mary Lou Retton's  quot;No-Fault Vault quot; that produced America's first Olympic...
Message loud and clear A funny thing happened as Orlando Cabrera triumphantly rounded the bases after he knocked in Johnny Damon with his walkoff double off the Green Monster in Tuesday's 5-4...
Atlanta rallies to top Dodgers Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs, and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Dodgers, 6-5, last night in Los...
Selig gets three-year extension Baseball commissioner Bud Selig received a contract extension through 2009 yesterday as owners praised his 12-year reign, but dissension surfaced among teams in the...
New York averts sweep by Twins Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning last night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw 13-10 win over the Minnesota Twins at...
For Colvin, it's hip hip hooray For so long, linebacker Rosevelt Colvin couldn't do what he wanted, couldn't play football. Now, he feels he can do whatever his coach wants him to.
Help is on the way Former English Premier League rivals Steve Howey and Joe-Max Moore are expected to be available for the Revolution's regular-season stretch run.
Lawyers ask to seal Bryant interview EAGLE, Colo. -- Defense attorneys argued in a court filing that Kobe Bryant's statements to investigators after the basketball player was accused of rape last...
Cink gets drop on soggy NEC field Free from the burden of trying to make the Ryder Cup team, Stewart Cink looked at ease yesterday at the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio. The marathon day ended with...
Defeat for GB canoeists British canoeists Nick Smith and Stuart Bowman are out of the men's C2 doubles.
Upbeat De Bruijn Fastest in 50 Freestyle Heats  ATHENS (Reuters) - Inge de Bruijn, two of her three Olympic  titles already lost, showed her determination to cling on to  the last when she posted the...
Phelps on Track for Sixth Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, one more Olympic title  to the good, aims to hoist his gold medal tally to five when he  takes on fellow American Ian Crocker in the...
Late Bogies Hurt Woods at Rainy NEC Invitational  AKRON, Ohio, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Tiger Woods returned to  form at one of his favorite venues before a pair of dropped  shots cost him a share of the...
AL Wrap: Paul, Guerrero, Erstad Homers Guide Angels  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Josh Paul, Vladimir Guerrero and Darin  Erstad hit multi-run homers to lead the Anaheim Angels to a  10-7 victory over the...
Job Cuts Rise Further in Nov. - Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Planned job cuts at U.S. firms climbed  during November, a report said on Tuesday, in a further sign of  sluggishness in the labor market.
Sheppard makes semi-finals Britain's Alison Sheppard coasts into the women's 50m freestyle semi-finals.
Productivity Growth Slows; Store Sales Dip  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. business productivity grew more  slowly in the third quarter than first thought, a government  report showed on Tuesday, while...
U.S. Warplanes Bomb Iraq's Falluja Again (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. warplanes attacked targets\in Iraq's Sunni Muslim city of Falluja for a second time on\Friday, witnesses said.
European diplomats ask to meet detained activists in Maldives (AFP) AFP - European nations have requested the Maldives authorities to give them access to activists detained after last week's...
Kerry defends Vietnam record, challenges Bush (AFP) AFP - Democratic Senator John Kerry accused President George W. Bush of using a front group to do the "dirty work" of attacking his Vietnam War...
'Soft Money' Groups Face New Ground Rules (AP) AP - Interest groups spending big donations on ads and voter outreach in the presidential race will face new limits after the fall election under rules...
N.Korea Says U.S.-S.Korea War Games Undermine Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said on Friday annual war  games staged by the United States and South Korea were  undermining six-party nuclear...
Oil Swamps Stocks, Supports Bond Prices  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks slipped and the dollar  softened on Friday as the rise in crude oil prices toward \$50 a  barrel raised the prospect of...
Oil Near \$49 as Iraq Violence Escalates  LONDON (Reuters) - Global oil prices raced to fresh highs  on Friday carrying U.S. crude close to \$49 a barrel, driven by  escalating violence in Iraq and...
Oil Near \$49 as Iraq Violence Escalates LONDON (Reuters) - Global oil prices raced to fresh highs on Friday carrying US crude close to \$49 a barrel, driven by escalating violence in Iraq and...
Qantas slaps new fuel surcharge on fares SYDNEY (Reuters) - Qantas Airways, Australia #39;s biggest airline, says it will raise ticket prices for the second time in three months to help tackle rising...
File-sharers win court case TWO FILE SHARING companies have been told by a court that they are not liable for people in their networks swapping illegal content.
Nikkei Ends Down, Oil Worries Weigh TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks ended slightly lower on Friday as worries about record-high oil prices took the edge off investors #39; appetite for recently...
Texaco to appeal Sunburst ruling ChevronTexaco, ordered to pay more than \$41 million to more than 75 Sunburst residents who filed a pollution-liability suit, will file a motion for a new trial in...
Reversal of fortune: Upon review, go ATHENS - Aaron Peirsol was reminded last night of a lesson he probably learned as a child: It doesn #39;t pay to make the umpire angry.
Deakes wins bronze in 20km walk Australian walker Nathan Deakes has won the Olympic bronze medal in the 20 kilometre walk, Australia #39;s first walking medal in almost half a century.
Davenport advances in Cincinnati Mason, OH (Sports Network) - Lindsay Davenport shook off a sluggish start to rally for a three-set victory over unheralded Lilia Osterloh at the inaugural Western ...
Bengals brace for old teammate Dillon FOXBORO, Mass.  New England Patriots running back Corey Dillon darted up the middle, bounced off one tackler, then made it a point to crash into two more...
Sadr Militia in Contacts to Hand Over Najaf Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Top aides of radical cleric Moqtada al-Sadr prepared to hand over control of a holy shrine at the center of a crisis in...
Peacekeepers in S. Ossetia will disarm militia TSKHINVALI. Aug 20 (Interfax) - Russian peacekeepers deployed in South Ossetia plan to collect weapons from militia units in Ossetian and Georgian...
Bomb Blasts Rock Kathmandu Nepal #39;s Maoist rebels opened fire and set off bombs at a government office in Kathmandu Friday, the third day of a blockade of the capital by Maoist rebels.
'Deal nearer' in BA strike talks Talks to avoid a crippling strike at British Airways are set to resume on Friday with unions and the airline "hopeful" of reaching a deal.
Kazaa owner takes heart from US copyright ruling Sharman Networks, parent company of the peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharing software Kazaa, is rejoicing at the US court ruling that found two similar P2P...
United: Pension end is likely United Airlines said termination and replacement of all of its pension plans  quot;likely will be required quot; for the company to exit bankruptcy and attract financing.
300,000 seek 3,000 dockworker jobs LOS ANGELES  Longshore union and port shipping officials yesterday sifted through 300,000 applications submitted as part of a special lottery for 3,000 lucrative...
Partisan Feud Deepens Over History Body The ruling and opposition parties on Friday continued to lock horns over the establishment of a committee to explore the truth of the nation #39;s modern...
Four Indonesian political parties form National Coalition JAKARTA Aug 19 - Four Indonesian political parties - Golkar, Indonesian Democratic Party-Struggle (PDIP), United Development Party (PPP) and...
Talks to resume in BA dispute Talks to avoid a crippling strike at British Airways will resume on Friday  with unions and the airline "hopeful" of reaching a deal.
Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s Topix, Taiwan #39;s Taiex Climbed This Week Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Japan #39;s Topix stock index rose for the first week in three. Retailers such as Ito-Yokado Co. gained...
Navistar #39;s profit more than triples Navistar International Corp., the world #39;s fourth-largest truckmaker, said profit in the fiscal third quarter more than tripled as truck sales rose and...
Chief economist leaving Bank One Diane Swonk, for years one of the most visible executives at Bank One, said Thursday she #39;s resigning as its chief economist as of Sept. 30.
Patterson has golden glow ATHENS - Mary Lou Retton left her phone number for Carly Patterson. Call me, she said, after the Olympic all-around competition.
Brugnetti upsets the field to win 20km walk Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The first official track event took place this morning and Italy #39;s Ivano Brugnetti won the men #39;s 20km walk at the...
Engelsman, Lenton surge to 50m semis Australians Michelle Engelsman and Libby Lenton have both qualified for the women #39;s 50 metres freestyle semi-finals at the Athens Olympics.
Woodgate to Face Stringent Medical Jonathan Woodgate #39;s medical with Real Madrid is by no means a formality, despite the confidence of Newcastle chairman Freddy Shepherd.
Ain #39;t over till it #39;s over MINNEAPOLIS - Gary Sheffield insists George Steinbrenner is the only person who could tell him to rest his ailing left shoulder, but you can be sure that wasn #39;t...
Eli has his moments CHARLOTTE, NC - The Eli Manning Summer School took its first field trip last night, an outing designed to ramp up an educational process that is reaching a critical stage.
US track tries to turn the page ATHENS, Greece -- American Lauryn Williams pours down the track in the 100 meters, going faster and faster, smoothly pulling away from the pack, leg muscles bulging,...
Yanks, Rangers have second thoughts on Loaiza MINNEAPOLIS - The Yankees have held discussions with the Texas Rangers about trading Esteban Loaiza for prospects, but both sides have reservations.
Garland, Sox can #39;t tame Tigers The White Sox are sending for pitching help, only the call isn #39;t going out to replace Jon Garland in the rotation -- not yet, anyway.
German Press Review: Dilemmas for Sharon and Scientists The difficulties faced by Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon shared editorial space with the debate surrounding human cloning in the German...
Nepal rebels attack blockaded capital Maoist rebels have opened fire on the security forces and bombed a government building in the heart of Kathmandu amidst a blockade they have enforced on the...
Pakistan #39;s PM-designate declared winner in two by-elections ISLAMABAD : Pakistan formally declared Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz the winner of two by-elections held to clear his path to the prime...
Iraq's Sadr Prepares to Hand Over Najaf Shrine (Reuters) Reuters - A radical cleric prepared to hand\control of a shrine at the heart of a Shi'ite uprising in Iraq\to religious authorities on Friday,...
Iraq Abductors Vow to Free U.S. Journalist (AP) AP - A top aide to firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, who appealed to kidnappers to free a Western journalist, said Friday they had promised to...
Tokyo Stock Index Ends Lower, Dollar Down (AP) AP - Tokyo's main stock index ended lower Friday amid profit-taking of technology issues and concerns about soaring oil prices. The U.S. dollar was down...
Iraq's Sadr Prepares to Hand Over Najaf Shrine  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - A radical cleric prepared to hand  control of a shrine at the heart of a Shi'ite uprising in Iraq  to religious authorities on...
Typhoon Megi Slams North Japan, Death Toll Hits 13  TOKYO (Reuters) - Typhoon Megi killed one person as it  slammed ashore in northern Japan on Friday, bringing the death  toll to at least 13 and...
Pakistan holds al-Qaeda suspects Police in the Pakistani city of Peshawar say they have arrested two foreign al-Qaeda suspects.
Death and Sorrow Stalk Sudanese Across Border Hundreds of new refugees from Sudan have poured into overwhelmed camps in Chad. This latest influx is an alarming barometer of the violence inside Darfur.
Al-Sadr Tells Militia to Turn Over Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Sporadic gunfire echoed through Najaf on Friday after a night of heavy U.S. bombing that saw radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr call on his...
Kerry Takes Job Creation Message to N.C. CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry came to the heart of a conservative state hit hard by job losses over the past four years to tout...
Argentina's Women Sail Into Hockey Semi-Finals  ATHENS (Reuters) - Top-ranked Argentina booked their berth  in the women's hockey semi-finals at the Athens Olympics on  Friday but defending champions...
Now free, Jenkins arrives to live on Japanese island with family US deserter and former Army Sgt. Charles Jenkins arrived Tuesday on a remote Japanese island, where he said he hoped to  quot;live my...
North Korea Urges Refugees to Return to 'Warm Home' (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea appealed to refugees who have\sought asylum in the South to return to the impoverished state,\avoiding for once...
Kidnappers Set to Free US Journalist A top aide to firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said today that kidnappers who abducted and threatened to kill a US journalist had promised to set him free.
Russian textbooks omit Soviets #146; dark chapters MOSCOW -- If you can judge a book by its cover, then the  quot;History of Russia and the World in the 20th Century quot; tells students that the...
Sharon and Arafat defy supporters  JERUSALEM -- Embattled leaders Ariel Sharon and Yasser Arafat rebuffed demands from their backers yesterday, holding steadfast to positions posing great political...
Pakistan hunts for key Al Qaeda figure  ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistani security forces are hunting a Libyan Al Qaeda leader whom senior intelligence officials see as a possible key to finding Osama...
At ancient site, a very modern debate -- over traffic SALISBURY, England -- Whoever built Stonehenge, the 5,000-year-old circle of megaliths that towers over green fields in southern England and...
Doctors involved in abuse at Abu Ghraib, report  LONDON -- Doctors working for the US military in Iraq collaborated with interrogators in the abuse of detainees at Baghdad's Abu Ghraib prison,...
UN marks year since deadly bombing of Iraq headquarters  GENEVA -- The bombing that wrecked UN offices in Baghdad and killed 22 colleagues a year ago was agony for the United Nations, but terrorist...
North Korea Urges Refugees to Return to 'Warm Home'  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea appealed to refugees who have  sought asylum in the South to return to the impoverished state,  avoiding for once...
Sadr's aides urge militants to free kidnapped journalist BAGHDAD -- Top aides to firebrand Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr called on kidnappers yesterday to free a Western journalist they are...
Media companies lose file-sharing case SAN FRANCISCO Grokster and StreamCast Networks are not liable for the swapping of copyright content like movies and music through their file-sharing software, a...
24-hour push for NI powersharing Talks to revive powersharing in Northern Ireland have entered a final 24-hour push as Britain and Ireland prepared to publish their painstakingly negotiated peace...
Hochschorner brothers win C2 gold Pavol and Peter Hochschorner took the gold medal once again in pairs canoe slalom Friday, winning by more than 3 seconds.
Greek Police Hand Kenteris Crash Report to Prosecutor  ATHENS (Reuters) - Traffic police have handed their report  to Athens prosecutors on the motorcycle crash reported by  disgraced Greek sprinters...
Brit relay teams go through Britain's men's and women's relay teams qualify for their  4x100m medley finals.
Colombian Charged in Fla. With Buying Guns (AP) AP - A Colombian arms broker was charged with trying to buy  #36;4 million in grenade launchers, machine guns, other high-powered weapons and munitions...
WHO and FAO kept in dark on bird flu virus found in pigs in China (AFP) AFP - UN health and agriculture officials in China said they were not informed by the government of the deadly H5N1 bird flu...
30,000 More Sudanese Threaten to Cross to Chad -UN  GENEVA (Reuters) - Some 30,000 Sudanese, victims of fresh  attacks by Arab militia inside Darfur, have threatened to cross  into Chad, the U.N....
Jackson's Lavish Lifestyle Put on Display SANTA MARIA, Calif. - Michael Jackson's elegant home with its lavish playground for children was placed on display in a courtroom as defense attorneys showed...
Nichols Won't Appeal State Convictions PONCA CITY, Okla. - Deciding at the last possible moment not to appeal his conviction, Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols brought his case to a...
Terror List Snag Nearly Grounds a Kennedy WASHINGTON - A top Homeland Security official has apologized to Sen. Edward M...
Sheffield, Yanks Rally for Win Over Twins The New York Yankees wasted a six-run lead and were about to get swept by the Minnesota Twins until Gary Sheffield saved them - just as he has so often this...
Al-Sadr Aide: We Will Surrender Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Followers loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said Friday they were preparing to hand control of the revered Imam Ali Shrine to top...
Steroid scandal will be given lip service Do you assume this raging scandal will be enough to overhaul Major League Baseball #39;s laughable drug policy? If so, you must think Bill Clinton didn #39;t...
Stocks to Open Lower on Oil Concerns NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen slightly lower at the open Friday as oil's latest push into record territory continues to unnerve investors...
Congo Pulls Diplomats Out of Burundi (Reuters) Reuters - The Democratic Republic of Congo has\pulled all of its diplomats out of neighboring Burundi\following the slaughter of Congolese Tutsi...
Stocks to Watch on Aug. 20 (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks to watch: GOOGLE INC.\(GOOG.O) Google shares jumped 18 percent in their long-awaited\stock market debut on Thursday after a scaled-down ...
Stocks May Fall at Open, Oil Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks are seen falling for a  second-straight day on Friday on concerns the economy and  corporate profits will slow after crude...
Oil at New High Over \$49  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices raced to fresh highs on  Friday, carrying U.S. crude over \$49 a barrel, driven by  escalating violence in Iraq and unabated demand growth...
Stocks to Watch on Aug. 20  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch: GOOGLE INC.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O...
Congo Pulls Diplomats Out of Burundi  KINSHASA (Reuters) - The Democratic Republic of Congo has  pulled all of its diplomats out of neighboring Burundi  following the slaughter of Congolese Tutsi...
Brugnetti Strides to First Gold in 20km Walk  ATHENS (Reuters) - Italian Ivano Brugnetti strode to  victory in the first athletics final of the Athens Olympics on  Friday with a commanding...
Bankruptcy Survivable, US Airways CEO Says  A "frustrated" chief executive of US Airways Group Inc. told employees yesterday that despite recent assertions from the airline's chairman, the carrier...
Developing countries invest abroad Developing countries are starting to flex their financial muscles and invest overseas.
Union sets Eurostar strike date Eurostar workers will stage a 24-hour walk-out over a pay dispute on August 28, their union announces.
India orders Olympic dope probe Sports Minister Sunil Dutt says action will be taken after two weightlifters fail a drugs test at the Athens Olympics.
Lewis drops off pace Denise Lewis makes a stuttering start to the heptathlon, as fellow Briton Kelly Sotherton storms into second place.
Two rebel infiltrators killed, separatists detained in Kashmir (AFP) AFP - Indian troops shot dead two rebels who had infiltrated into Indian Kashmir from the Pakistan-controlled zone, while two...
McDonald's serves up film blitz McDonald's takes out ads in the UK to say a film about its food is "slick" and "well-made" - but unrealistic.
Google Closes Over \$100 After IPO Google Inc #39;s first day as a public company was branded a success by many yesterday. While shares failed to reach the \$135 heights anticipated over recent...
Nortel #39;s new chief gets down to business William Owens, the new chief executive of Nortel Networks Corp., is putting his personal stamp on the organization.
Auto-body chain settles fraud suit An auto-body repair chain with several locations in San Diego County agreed yesterday to pay \$5.8 million to settle a consumer fraud lawsuit alleging that it...
Kerry Takes Job Creation Message to NC CHARLOTTE, NC Aug. 20, 2004  Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry came to the heart of a conservative state hit hard by job losses over the past four...
PUC delays decision to shift power costs here San Diego Gas  amp; Electric Co. customers won a reprieve yesterday when the state utilities commission delayed a decision that could shift \$1 billion...
'Final Call' for Rebel Iraqi Cleric Shiite Muslim cleric Moqtada Sadr rejected one of the government's two key demands, increasing the prospect of an intensified military attack against his militia.
Pool of utter mix-ups Athens -- Thursday night at the pool featured a disqualification, then a reversal of the disqualification, then protests of the reversal of the disqualification. Not to mention...
US gymnast shines ATHENS, Greece -- In the biggest competition of her young life, Carly Patterson made a four-inch balance beam look as wide as a sidewalk. And she danced, leapt and tumbled her way...
Brugnetti Strides to First Gold in 20km Walk ATHENS (Reuters) - Italian Ivano Brugnetti strode to victory in the first athletics final of the Athens Olympics on Friday with a commanding performance...
Have your say John Robertson today spoke of his pride at seeing son Nathan scoop an Olympic silver medal and insisted:  quot;We are definitely celebrating, rather than commiserating. quot; ...
IOA sets up committee to probe dope scandal Athens, Aug 20. (PTI):In a belated damage-control exercise, the Indian Olympic Association today announced setting up of a Committee to probe into the...
FACTBOX-Jonathan Woodgate factbox MADRID, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Factbox on England defender Jonathan Woodgate who will sign for Real Madrid on Saturday after passing a medical on Friday.
British canoe pair lose out ATHENS (Reuters) - Slovakian twins Peter and Pavol Hochschorner have paddled to a stunning victory in the men #39;s two man canoe to retain the title they won in Sydney.
World News  gt; Indians unfazed by Kathmandu blockade - but panic in India: Kanaiyalal Jiwanlal, a businessman from Valsad in Gujarat, has seen sectarian violence and a killer earthquake devastate...
Militants reportedly promise to free kidnapped Western journalist Garen BAGHDAD, Iraq (AP) A top aide to firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, who appealed to kidnappers to free a Western...
Israel given double warning over impact of West Bank policies JERUSALEM : The Israeli government was given a double warning over its policies in the West Bank as its top legal officer said it faced a...
Tropical storm death toll hits 13 TOKYO, Japan (AP) -- Tropical storm Megi swept over northern Japan on Friday, knocking over a street sign that killed one man, cutting off electricity to 123,000...
Pakistan prime minister-designate declared official victor in by-elections ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (AP) - Pakistan #39;s election commission on Friday officially declared Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz...
13 injured in plant fire in Japan TOKYO, Aug. 20 (Xinhuanet) -- Fire broke out Friday at a tire plant belonging to Bridgestone Corp. in Amagi, western Fukuoka Prefecture of Japan, leaving 13 people...
Twenty-Five Hurt as Azores Plane Avoids Collision (Reuters) Reuters - Twenty-five TAP-Air Portugal passengers\and crew were slightly injured when the plane made a hasty\maneuver to avoid a mid-air...
General Growth Properties to Buy Rouse  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Growth Properties Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GGP.N...
Bill Clinton Helps Launch Search Engine Former United States President Bill Clinton speaks at the conclusion of a forum titled New Thinking on Energy Policy: Meeting the Challenges of Security,...
General Growth Properties to Buy Rouse (Reuters) Reuters - General Growth Properties Inc.\(GGP.N), the No. 2 U.S. shopping mall owner, on Friday said it\would buy Rouse Co. (RSE.N) for  #36;7.2...
Police Investigate Sex Play (Reuters) Reuters - German police are investigating a\Spanish theater troupe under obscenity laws after displays of\graphic sex and bestiality in a controversial play...
US, South Korea fail to hammer out deal over troop cut timetable (AFP) AFP - The United States and South Korea failed to hammer out a deal over a timetable for the planned reduction of US troops...
30,000 More Sudanese Threaten to Cross to Chad - UN  GENEVA (Reuters) - Some 30,000 Sudanese, victims of fresh  attacks by Arab militia inside Darfur, have threatened to cross  into Chad, already...
'Miracle baby' home raid in Kenya Kenyan police seize 10 children from an evangelist's  home and quiz his wife over child-trafficking  allegations.
DaVita to acquire Gambro #39;s US clinics for \$3.1bn NEW YORK, December 7 (newratings.com) - DaVita Inc (DVA.NYS) has agreed to acquire Gambros dialysis clinics in the US for \$3.1 billion in cash,...
Teens Claim to Set New TV-Viewing Record GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. - A pair of teenagers who spent more than two straight days publicly glued to a television set say they have set a new world record for...
Al-Sadr Followers Offer to Leave Shrine NAJAF, Iraq - Followers loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said Friday they were prepared to hand control of the revered Imam Ali Shrine to top...
Bioenvision Files for Drug OK in Europe (Reuters) Reuters - Bioenvision Inc. (BIVN.O) said on\Friday it has submitted an application to European regulators\to market its experimental leukemia drug.
India cuts duties as inflation hits new high (Reuters) Reuters - India's wholesale price inflation surged to a new 3-1/2-year high of 7.96 percent in the week ended August 7 due to higher energy and...
U.S. Softball Team Posts Shutout No. 7 (AP) AP - Cat Osterman struck out 10 in six innings, Crystl Bustos homered and the United States completed a perfect run through the preliminary round with a...
Paul Hamm's example PAUL HAMM'S fall and rise are what make the Olympics so much more than a sports event. The US gymnast who spun despair into gold on Wednesday gives hope to the whole human...
NBC relies on storytelling for continuity The seven-hour time difference between here and Athens creates strange viewing patterns in NBC's all-Olympics-all-the-time world. As host Bob Costas said in...
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY AUTO RACING 1 p.m. -- NASCAR Busch Series Cabela's 250 qualifying at Brooklyn, Mich., Speed Channel 3 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup GFS Marketplace 400 qualifying at...
Russia blocks bid by US Russia is one of the biggest, most powerful men's volleyball teams in the world. Already well aware, the United States received another reminder.
Late surge lifts US past Aussies The Mason's Union membership cards should be arriving any day now, but while they wait for them to be distributed, the United States men's basketball team was able to...
Story has familiar ring The United States Boxing team isn't fighting its opponents any more. It's fighting self-doubt.
Fencer Smart can't find winning touch Twice Keeth Smart charged, his opponent attacked and both lights went off. Twice, Smart was left standing on the strip, helmet in hand, after American losses.
Finally, events are in track spotlight After a week of swimming, gymnastics, synchronized diving, and beach volleyball, the Olympic menu will offer a steady diet of its bread-and-butter sport...
Cannons' Gill fit for playoffs The Boston Cannons lost their last regular-season game but it really didn't matter. They had already clinched a spot in the Major League Lacrosse playoffs. What...
Transactions BASEBALL Major League Baseball: Suspended Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen for two games and fined him an undisclosed amount for his comments to the media regarding umpire Hunter...
A winning situation Pleasantly Perfect lost his last race, but that didn't diminish his standing as the top handicap runner in the country. It will take more than one defeat to knock the horse who...
Entries just can't keep pace As expected, none of the four United States entries survived yesterday's second set of Olympic rowing semifinals, leaving just four boats -- the men's and women's eights,...
Peirsol golden in beating field, controversy By the time Aaron Peirsol made his last turn and headed into the final 50 meters of the 200 backstroke, he had a body-length lead and was chasing his own...
Israel court orders barrier reply Israel's High Court orders the government to respond to a World Court ruling on the West Bank barrier.
Oil Prices Are at New High, Over \$49  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices raced to fresh highs on  Friday, carrying U.S. crude over \$49 a barrel, driven by  escalating violence in Iraq and unabated fuel...
Report: Johnson  amp; Johnson in talks to buy Guidant Johnson  amp; Johnson (JNJ), the drug and health care products company, is reportedly in advanced negotiations to buy Guidant (GDT), a leading...
For Peirsol, a DQ, a wait  amp; a reward ATHENS -- The celebration had begun for Aaron Peirsol. He had just become the fifth person in Olympic history to win both backstroke events, adding the...
Woodgate to join Real after passing medical MADRID, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Newcastle United defender Jonathan Woodgate will sign for Real Madrid after passing a medical on Friday, joining the Spanish...
Judge rejects injunction by organizers over use of Olympic symbols The local issue of Playboy remained on newsstands Friday, after a judge rejected a request for a temporary injunction filed by...
Greeks deny failed drug test reports ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympics officials say they are unaware of any team member failing a drugs test after media reports that the International Olympic...
Fergie #39;s View: Norwich Sir Alex Ferguson faced another nail-biting few days this week as ten of his depleted squad went out on international duty.
USA plays inspired, but falls to No. 1 Hungary in water polo ATHENS, Greece  With flag-waving, chanting Hungarians creating a chaotic atmosphere at the Olympic Aquatic Center yesterday morning, a...
Men #39;s C2 Canoe Double: Slovakian twins repeat as gold medallists ATHENS, 20 August - Slovakian twins Pavol and Peter HOCHSCHORNER won their second consecutive gold medal in the Men #39;s C2.
S.Korea, US End Troop Cut Talks Without Agreement SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea and the United States closed a round of defense talks in Seoul on Friday aimed at scheduling a reduction of US troops...
China: Deadly Bird Flu Strain Found in Pigs Chinese scientists say they have discovered a deadly strain of the bird flu virus in pigs. Speaking at an international conference on avian flu and SARS in...
Korea #39;s tortured reckoning with collaborators It has only just begun and already South Korea #39;s program of historical reckoning of the often brutal Japanese occupation and colonization has...
China hands out  quot;green card, quot; winning acclaim of foreigners BEIJING, Aug. 20 (Xinhuanet) -- China is granting some foreigners permanent residence in the country with a  quot;green card,...
Oil Tops \$49 On Renewed Iraq Violence LONDON (Reuters) - Global oil prices raced to fresh highs on Friday, carrying US crude close to \$49.16 a barrel up 46 cents, driven by escalating violence in...
This unconventional IPO has a familiar ring Google, like so many dot-coms before it, came roaring out of the IPO gate Thursday priced at the low end of expectations and promptly surged in value as...
Scandal-hit Nortel to make worker cuts NORTEL Networks plans to slash its workforce by 3500, or ten per cent, as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal that toppled three top executives...
Before the Bell- Rouse Co. shares jump 32 percent NEW YORK, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Shares of The Rouse Co. (RSE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped before the bell after General Growth Properties Inc....
Update 1: Mylan Comments on Icahn Clearance Mylan Laboratories Inc., the largest US maker of generic drugs, cautioned investors Friday that Thursday #39;s jump in share price was likely driven by...
United signals it may end pensions United Airlines has signaled that it may terminate and replace employee pension plans, a move its parent company says is needed before it can emerge from Chapter 11...
Layoffs at Fleet THE LAYOFFS at Fleet seem to be a microcosm of the economy as a whole. Good, higher-paying, full-time jobs, presumably with benefits, are replaced by lower-paying, part-time jobs...
Industry report Delta Air Lines Inc. #39;s plan to restructure some of its debt outside of bankruptcy has raised concerns among credit analysts who say the move could be tantamount to defaulting on...
Pakistani Islamists rally against custodial killing, raids on seminaries (AFP) AFP - Thousands of Islamists demonstrated across Pakistan after Friday prayers against the death of a cleric in...
Report: Bush Spent Nearly  #36;46M in July (AP) AP - A fresh wave of ads pushed President Bush's spending to nearly  #36;46 million for July, the Republican's highest level since he launched the...
Judge Maintains Peirsol Broke Rules  ATHENS (Reuters) - The swimming judge who disqualified gold  medal winner Aaron Peirsol at the Athens Olympics is standing  by his claim that the American...
Annan Vows to Protect U.N. Staff from Attacks (Reuters) Reuters - Those behind the "cold-blooded murder"\of 22 people at the United Nations office in Baghdad one year\ago must be held to account, no...
General Growth to buy Rouse for \$7.2bn In the latest big deal among US real estate companies, General Growth will pay \$67.50 per share in cash for each share in Rouse, a premium of 33 per cent over...
Qantas to raise fuel surcharge AUSTRALIAN airline Qantas has upped its prices for the second time in three months, blaming rising oil prices, while budget airline Ryanair insists it will not impose...
File-sharing firms record a win The film and music industries yesterday again lost a legal battle to hold file-sharing companies liable for copyright infringement, setting up an expected...
Chinadotcom #39;s Text-Messages Suspended Chinadotcom Corp. said Friday that China #39;s state-controlled wireless carrier fined the company \$160,000 and suspended its text-message services on...
Report: FDA to relabel antidepressants Agency wants to learn if drugs can lead to suicide in young people; most major drugmakers impacted. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Food and Drug Administration is...
Judge Maintains Peirsol Broke Rules ATHENS (Reuters) - The swimming judge who disqualified gold medal winner Aaron Peirsol at the Athens Olympics is standing by his claim that the American...
Woodgate joins Real Madrid England international defender Jonathan Woodgate passed his medical and will sign a four-year contract with Real Madrid on Saturday, the Spanish giants said.
Live on Sky Sports 2, 5pm (KO 5.15pm) This is, in my opinion, one of the biggest games Manchester United have played for years. It may sound strange ahead of what is only the second game of the...
Race driver killed in crash Race car driver Tommy Baldwin was killed in a crash at Thompson International Speedway during a Featherlite modified race.
Tanks encircle shrine in US blitz on rebels UNITED States tanks today encircled the sacred Imam Ali shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf, after an intense bombardment of rebel positions overnight.
Bombings Hit Kathmandu, as Blockade Starts to Affect Prices The Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, has been hit by bomb blasts on the third day of a blockade called by Maoist rebels. Nepalese business...
Violence in blockaded Kathmandu as Nepal agrees to meet Maoists halfway (AFP) AFP - Maoist rebels who have cut off Kathmandu for three days attacked security forces and bombed buildings inside the...
Stocks Set to Fall Amid High Oil Price  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks are poised to fall for a  second-straight day on Friday on concerns the economy and  corporate profits will slow after crude...
Treasuries Yields Near Recent Lows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yields on U.S. Treasuries held near  recent lows on Friday as oil topped \$49 a barrel, threatening  the outlook for both the economy and...
Magna Int'l Names Mark Hogan as President  TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada's Magna International &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGa.TO...
Khan crushes Stilianov British boxer Amir Khan outpoints European champion Dimitar Stilianov in style.
Advanced Neuromodulation takes stake in Cyberonics CHICAGO, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Advanced Neuromodulation Systems (ANSI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it took an equity stake in Cyberonics...
You don #39;t use a yardstick to measure grit ATHENS, Greece  Grit is now available in an economy size. It can be found in Carly Patterson, and in spades.
Five more suspended by weightlifting body ATHENS -- Weightlifting #39;s aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters will continue even if it jeopardizes its future in the Olympics, its top official said...
Emmons wins gold in prone rifle American Matt Emmons won the gold medal Friday in the 50-meter prone rifle competition with a score of 703.3.
Russia Welcomes Georgian Troops #39;Pullout from South Ossetia In its statement issued on August 20 Russian Foreign Ministry welcomed Georgia #39;s decision to pull out its extra troops from the...
Bomb Blasts Hit Kathmandu, as Rebel Blockade Continues The Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, has been hit by bomb blasts on the third day of a blockade called by Maoist rebels. Nepalese business leaders...
Crude oil nears \$50 a barrel Oil prices continue to climb, with a record of \$48.98 reported overnight for US light crude. While prices have fallen back to \$48.56 a barrel, with Brent crude oil at...
Treasuries Yields Near Recent Lows (Reuters) Reuters - Yields on U.S. Treasuries held near\recent lows on Friday as oil topped  #36;49 a barrel, threatening\the outlook for both the economy and...
Khan moves into quarter-finals (AFP) AFP - Teenage boxer Amir Khan moved into the quarter-finals of the Olympic lightweight division with a storming points win against European champion Dimitar...
Kallis, Boucher boost South Africa in Colombo one-dayer (AFP) AFP - Jacques Kallis and Mark Boucher slammed half-centuries as South Africa posted a competitive 263-9 in the first one-dayer against...
Oil at New High Over \$49, Iraq Violence Escalates  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices raced to fresh highs on  Friday, carrying U.S. crude over \$49 a barrel, driven by  escalating violence in Iraq and...
Oil Tops \$49 Amid Iraq Supply Worries Crude oil prices passed \$49 per barrel today, striking fresh record levels amid heightened concern about supplies in Iraq.
World is  #39;in more danger #39; PAKISTAN #39;S president has warned that the war on terror has made the world a more dangerous place. Gen. Pervez Musharraf said the world was  quot;absolutely quot;...
Greek athlete fails test A spokesman for Greece's Olympic team confirms that a Greek athlete has failed a dope test.
Sadr May Have Escaped Najaf Mosque-Iraq Official  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Radical Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr  may have escaped the U.S.-led military siege of the Imam Ali  Mosque in Najaf, the Iraqi...
British Considering Protest of Peirsol #39;s Gold Medal Victory ATHENS, Aug. 20 -- The British Olympic Association is considering whether to bring its protest of an American swimmer #39;s gold...
Suzuki advances to semis Japan #39;s world open-weight champion, aiming to make up for compatriot Kosei Inoue #39;s shock loss in a lighter men #39;s division, defeated Yury Rybak.
Jake White #39;s Springboks Are On the Cusp of a Historic First On Saturday against the Wallabies, they will accomplish what no previous Bok team has managed - winning the Tri-Nations despite losing...
Peres demands early Israeli elections Israel #39;s opposition leader, Shimon Peres, today called for early elections that would effectively rule his party out of joining a coalition to prop up the...
Bomb blasts hit Kathmandu Suspected Maoist rebels today shot and wounded a policeman and detonated two powerful bombs in Kathmandu as the blockade of the Nepalese capital entered its third day.
Is Israel planning to attack Iran? JERUSALEM Ariel Sharon may be on the warpath again and the target is Iran. In the past, the Israeli prime minister has focused attention on Iran by claiming that it...
UN: Chad Could See More Darfur Refugees GENEVA Aug. 20, 2004  Tens of thousands more refugees might flee Sudan #39;s Darfur region into neighboring Chad because of persistent attacks and rapes by...
US warplanes strike Falluja: Report FALLUJAH, Iraq (AP)  US forces launched two airstrikes today on the troubled Iraqi city of Falluja, hospital officials and witnesses said.
Israeli court orders reply for Hague JERUSALEM The Israeli Supreme Court ordered the government to produce a statement in the next 30 days that assesses the ramifications of a nonbinding ruling by...
Cleric #39;s Aides: Kidnapped Journalist Will Be Freed Baghdad, Iraq -- Some of Muqtada al-Sadr #39;s aides in Iraq say kidnappers have promised to release a Western journalist, perhaps as early as...
Women Lay Claim to  #39;Miracle Children #39; Three women sensationally turned up yesterday at the Nairobi CID headquarters and laid claim on some of Archbishop Deya #39;s  quot;miracle babies. quot;...
Court to hear medal appeal  Britain will find out on Saturday whether its equestrian medals will be upgraded.
Guatemala to pay paramilitaries Guatemala's government agrees to pay millions of dollars to former paramilitaries, who some accuse of war crimes.
Particle collider edges forward Physicists take a key decision on the technology to be used in the International Linear Collider, one of the grand scientific projects of the 21st Century.
Oil Futures Rise to Record as Iraq Fighting Threatens Exports Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil futures rose to a record, surpassing \$49 a barrel in New York, on concern clashes in southern Iraq...
General Growth Properties to acquire Rouse for \$12.6 bn NEW YORK, August 20 (New Ratings)  General Growth Properties Inc (GGP.NYS), the second-largest shopping mall operator in the US, has agreed to...
Cyberonics #39; Shares Jumps on Stock Buy Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. reported Friday that it purchased 3.5 million shares of Cyberonics Inc., taking a 14.9 percent stake in the...
United set to drop pension plans United Airlines has said it will very likely terminate its four employee pension plans and replace them with less generous benefits. United said the drastic move was...
Magna Int #39;l Names Mark Hogan as President TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada #39;s Magna International (MGa.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s seventh-largest auto-parts supplier, named Mark...
Dim Reality at Sharper Image Shares of Sharper Image (SHRP:Nasdaq - news - research) were under pressure Friday after the company unexpectedly predicted it will lose money in its third quarter and...
Lottery for Longshore Jobs Draws More Than 300,000 Description: Union and shipping company officials at the Port of Los Angeles held a lottery Thursday to fill 300,000 longshore jobs. More than...
Eta rebels explode peace hopes ETA triggered a series of explosions across Spain yesterday in a show of force by a faction within the Basque terrorist organisation opposed to a peace deal with the...
Ghana leader looks set to win second term Accra - Ghana #39;s leader, John Kufuor, is expected to win a second and final four-year term when voters in the world #39;s second-biggest cocoa grower...
Japan Court Ex-Chess Champ Fischer Can Be Deported (Reuters) Reuters - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a\request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have\Japanese authorities halt...
Stocks Near Flat as Oil Price Hits Record  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Friday as investors worried high crude prices will hurt the  economy and corporate profits, but oil...
New Blast Rocks Texas Natural Gas Unit  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A new explosion rocked an underground  natural gas storage site early Friday, sending a fireball into  the sky and prompting the evacuation...
Iraqi Police Enter Najaf Shrine, Arrest Militiamen  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraqi police took control of the  Imam Ali Mosque in the holy city of Najaf on Friday after  entering the shrine and...
Japan Court Ex-Chess Champ Fischer Can Be Deported  TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a  request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have  Japanese authorities halt...
Second Explosion Rocks Texas Gas Facility MOSS BLUFF, Texas - A second explosion in less than 24 hours rocked a burning underground gas storage facility early Friday, prompting authorities to expand...
U.S. Women Beat Spain in First Real Test ATHENS, Greece - Seriously challenged for the first time in these Olympics, the U.S. women's basketball team fought through foul problems and long stretches...
Stocks Up Despite Oil Nearing \$50 a Barrel NEW YORK - Stocks edged higher in early trading Friday as investors tried to uncouple share prices from skyrocketing oil costs, even as crude reached new...
An Elusive Peace in Najaf The standoff is driven by Moqtada Sadr's political ambitions. But how good is his poker game?
File Sharing Companies Ruled Not Liable A federal appeals court yesterday ruled that two developers of file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the copyrighted content their users swap online.
Update 1: Cyberonics #39; Shares Jump on Stock Buy Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. reported Friday that it purchased 3.5 million shares of Cyberonics Inc., taking a 14.9 percent stake in the...
Kmart #39;s store sales might cost jobs Report: Retailer could terminate as many as 1,200 positions stemming from stores sold to Home Depot.
WPP Profit Rises; Company Ponders Bid for Grey Global (Update5) Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- WPP Group Plc, the world #39;s second- largest advertising and marketing company, said first-half profit rose 11...
Probe expanded into Greek sprinters #39; crash, coach #39;s past The state drug agency asked for a warrant Friday to search a warehouse belonging to the coach of two disgraced Greek sprinters who...
Rathbone is  #39;like Gregan #39; AUSTRALIAN coach Eddie Jones rates winger Clyde Rathbone a potential successor to Wallaby captain George Gregan as the pair reach Test career milestones tonight...
Two more Americans fail to master Olympic boxing style No chance, Dad. The best amateur boxers know just how to move and exactly when to pounce -- and three Americans who failed to match that style...
USA women #39;s basketball team pulls away to beat Spain Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The US women #39;s basketball team continued its impressive play at the Olympics, pulling away from...
Twenty-Five Hurt as Azores Plane Avoids Collision LISBON (Reuters) - Twenty-five TAP-Air Portugal passengers and crew were slightly injured when the plane made a hasty maneuver to avoid a mid-air...
Basketball: U.S. Women Win After a Tough Test  ATHENS (Reuters) - The unbeaten U.S. women's basketball  team had their sternest test of the Olympic tournament so far  Friday, needing an eight point...
FDA Sees Changes to Antidepressant Labels  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug  Administration plans to update antidepressant labels to reflect  studies that suggest a link between the...
Holes found in Windows update Security firms are starting to find loopholes and bugs in the SP2 security update for Windows XP.
Is Netflix Doomed? A Netflix mailer may be black and white and red all over, but that's not the only punch line.
Iraqi Police in Control of Najaf Shrine, According to Reports Hundreds of militiamen were arrested today when police entered the Imam Ali Mosque, but rebel Shiite cleric Moktada al-Sadr was not...
Advanced Neuromodulation takes stake in Cyberonics CHICAGO, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Advanced Neuromodulation Systems (ANSI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday said it took a 14.9 percent equity stake...
Greek Athlete Tests Positive for Drugs ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pride was dealt another blow Friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the Olympics just 48 hours after its two top...
Fergie undecided over Ronaldo Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is still unsure whether to field Cristiano Ronaldo in Saturday #39;s Premiership clash against Norwich.
Israel Faces New Pressure Over Security Barrier The Israeli government is facing new pressure over its controversial West Bank security barrier, which the World Court has ruled is illegal and should...
Japan Court Ex-Chess Champ Fischer Can Be Deported TOKYO (Reuters) - A Tokyo court on Friday rejected a request by former world chess champion Bobby Fischer to have Japanese authorities halt...
UN Official Warns of  #39;Spiral of Violence #39; Following Burundi Massacre The United Nation #39;s top peacekeeping official says there is  quot;real danger quot; of a new war in central Africa...
Lithuanians face US NBA stars in Olympic basketball showdown (AFP) AFP - A struggling United States basketball team coming off two narrow escapes and a epic loss faces its toughest Olympic test yet...
Scalpers Sell Athens Tickets at Face Value  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens 2004 Games which will have a  place in history as the Olympics' homecoming may also be  remembered as the Games that...
Champions League matches in Group A Liverpool: 22-Chris Kirkland; 17-Josemi, 23-Jamie Carragher, 4-Sami Hyypia, 6-John Arne Riise; 18-Antonio Nunez, 8-Steven Gerrard, 14-Xabi Alonso, 10-Luis Garcia;...
Deakes takes a walk into history The 27-year-old took out bronze in the men #39;s 20km walk -- winning Australia #39;s first Olympic medal for walking in almost 45 years.
Harmison strikes twice for dominant England LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Steve Harmison took two cheap wickets to leave West Indies reeling on 54 for three on the second day of the fourth test at The...
Us Grand Prix Is Back The United States Grand Prix is to return to the MotoGP calendar next year after an 11-year absence.
Tigers #39; Monroe facing theft charge in Charlotte County Detroit Tigers outfielder Craig Monroe was arrested for allegedly stealing a \$29.99 belt from a department store, a records clerk at...
Pakistan to rest speed duo Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq said he #39;d likely rest Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Sami for Tuesday #39;s limited-overs match against an Australian Chairman #39;s XI as Pakistan...
Greek athlete tests positive Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - A member of the Greek Olympic team has tested positive for a banned substance, this according to a news bulletin released by the...
Scalpers Sell Athens Tickets at Face Value ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens 2004 Games which will have a place in history as the Olympics #39; homecoming may also be remembered as the Games that...
Peschier wins gold in kayak Benoit Peschier was aggressive and precise while a British medal hopeful was timid when the French dominated the men #39;s slalom Olympic kayaking on Friday.
Aussie woman takes 500 time trial in the velodrome ATHENS (AP)  Anna Meares of Australia won the gold medal Friday in the 500-meter time trial with a world-record time of 33.952 seconds.
Detroit Tigers Team Report - August 20 Detroit comes into tonight #39;s tilt on a winning note after Bobby Higginson homered twice to lead the Tigers to an 8-4 pasting of the Chicago White Sox.
Anaheim Angels Team Report - August 20 (Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels try to make it three straight wins this evening when they start a three-game set with the New York Yankees at Yankee...
Greek Athlete Tests Positive for Drugs  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pride was dealt another blow on  Friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the  Olympics just 48 hours after its two...
Baseball must clean up its act B aseball #39;s dirty little secret is leaking out all over now. Steroids known as the  quot;clear quot; and the  quot;cream quot; have gushed into the news, staining...
NASCAR driver killed Veteran NASCAR driver Tommy Baldwin was killed in a wreck at Thompson International Speedway in Conn. Thursday night.
Jamaica #39;s Fuller joins Portsmouth LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Jamaica striker Ricardo Fuller has joined Portsmouth from Preston North End on a two-year contract, the Premier League club said on...
Chicago White Sox Team Report - August 20 (Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox were handed an 8-4 setback by the Detroit Tigers on Thursday. Bobby Higginson homered twice to lead Detroit.
Tigers' Craig Monroe Facing Theft Charge (AP) AP - Detroit Tigers outfielder Craig Monroe was arrested for allegedly stealing a  #36;29.99 belt from a department store, a records clerk at Charlotte...
Massu beats Dent to reach gold medal match Nicolas Massu beat Taylor Dent of the United States 7-6 (5), 6-1 Friday in the tennis semifinals to move within one victory of giving Chile its first...
Swansong for Gebrselassie Gebrselassie has already won everything under the sun. Twice an Olympic champion, in Atlanta and Sydney, the 10,000m legend has dominated the event for nearly ten years. By...
Meares, Hoy win cycling gold in record times Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Track cyclists Anna Meares of Australia and Chris Hoy of Great Britain won time trial gold medals Friday afternoon with...
Carly Patterson, Paul Hamm help define these Games Quick, what athlete defines the Olympics more than any other? Bruce Jenner? Maybe. Carl Lewis? Possibly. Jesse Owens? Could be. Mark Spitz? Nice...
Hoy wins gold by a whisker Cyclist Chris Hoy today secured Britain #39;s second gold medal of the Games by winning the men #39;s 1km time trial in a new Olympic-record time.
NFL Suspends Saints' Hodge for 4 Games (AP) AP - New Orleans Saints linebacker Sedrick Hodge has been suspended for four games by the NFL for violating its substance abuse policy.
Swimming: Shibata Wins Women's 800m Freestyle  ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's Ai Shibata prevailed in a sprint  finish to win the women's 800 meter freestyle gold medal at the  Athens Games Friday.
Webb Ousted in Prelim Alan Webb is outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters.
Phelps wins duel with Crocker ATHENS, Greece -- American Michael Phelps won the gold medal Friday in the 100-meter butterfly with an Olympic-record time of 51.25 seconds.
Security for Olympics Successful, Greek Defense Minister Says Greece #39;s defense minister says his country #39;s security preparations for the Athens Olympics have been so successful that it is now...
Not Roddick, but Fish reaches finals ATHENS, Greece - Despite early disappointment in the Olympic tennis tournament, the US by was treated by Mardy Fish to a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Fernando Ganzalez...
USA women pass first big test: Spain ATHENS  The USA women #39;s basketball team sailed through their first three games as though they were on a Mediterranean cruise, trouncing opponents by more than...
Father of crew chief killed in crash Thompson, CT (Sports Network) - Tom Baldwin, 57, father of Nextel Cup driver Kasey Kahne #39;s crew chief Tommy Baldwin Jr., was killed in a crash at the Thompson...
Yanks' Giambi Gets Groin Strain Treatment (AP) AP - Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi is getting treatment for a strained left groin and might resume running outdoors next week.
Pirates' Wells to Miss 2nd Straight Start (AP) AP - Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Kip Wells will skip his second straight start after tests Friday indicated rest would help his injured elbow.
Phelps Captures Fifth Gold, Seventh Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps clinched his fifth gold  medal and became the first man since Mark Spitz to hold four  individual Olympic swimming titles...
Phelps adds yet another gold Michael Phelps collected his fifth gold medal of the Games with victory in the men #39;s 100 metres butterfly today.
America #39;s great hope in 1,500 can #39;t make it out of first round Alan Webb, who was supposed to end America #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle-distance races, got outmaneuvered and outrun as...
US women #39;s soccer through to semifinals Thessaloniki, Greece (Sports Network) - The United States women #39;s soccer team advanced to the final four of the Olympics with a narrow 2-1 victory over...
Bills' McGahee Said to Ask for Trade (AP) AP - Running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told The Associated Press on...
Golfer Thatcher Leads at Reno-Tahoe Open (AP) AP - Mark Calcavecchia briefly took the lead Friday before a double bogey left him one stroke behind leader Roland Thatcher after the first round of the...
C-USA Officials Vote on League Title Game (AP) AP - Conference USA athletic directors have voted unanimously to recommend holding the league's inaugural football championship game in 2005.
Greek weightlifter tests positive ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece looks set to lose the first medal it won at the Athens Olympics after bronze-winning weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis failed a drugs test.
Hall defends 50m crown American Gary Hall has defended his Olympic 50m freestyle title in a hotly-contested race in Athens.
Harmison takes eight, England near clean sweep LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Steve Harmison took eight wickets against a hapless West Indies to leave England in sight of a seventh successive victory on...
Cyclists find fast track as competition begins ATHENS, Greece -- Erin Mirabella of the United States predicted a fast track for the opening day of track cycling competition at the Olympic Velodrome...
America #39;s great hope in 1,500 has early exit, Devers squeaks into 100 semis Alan Webb, who was supposed to end America #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle-distance races, got outmaneuvered and...
Raiders, Cowboys Look to Improve Games (AP) AP - Mistakes defined Oakland's dismal 2003 season opener, and they showed up again in the team's exhibition opener: costly penalties and boneheaded...
Saints' Hodge Is Suspended for Four Games (Reuters) Reuters - Linebacker Sedrick Hodge of\the New Orleans Saints was suspended for four games by the NFL\for violating the league's substance abuse...
ACC Football Begins New Era With Miami (AP) AP - The Miami Hurricanes spent the last year preparing to move to the Atlantic Coast Conference. Are they ready? "The way I see it, we're just playing...
Swimming: Fifth Gold, Seventh Medal for Phelps  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps won his fifth gold medal  at the Athens Olympics Friday to claim a place alongside Mark  Spitz as one of the greatest...
Swimming: Shibata Joins Japanese Gold Rush  ATHENS (Reuters) - Ai Shibata wore down French teen-ager  Laure Manaudou to win the women's 800 meters freestyle gold  medal at the Athens Olympics Friday...
Miami Struggles on Offense The Redskins on Saturday will face a Dolphins team facing a number of issues on offense.
Dolphins Ask Williams for  #36;8.6 Million (AP) AP - The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return  #36;8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
Reds' Graves Placed on DL With Sore Back (AP) AP - Cincinnati Reds closer Danny Graves was placed on the 15-day disabled list Friday because of lower back spasms that flared up during his last outing.
Swimming: Phelps Wins Fifth Gold, Seventh Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps clinched his fifth gold  medal and became the first man since Mark Spitz to hold four  individual Olympic swimming...
McGahee Pressures Bills According to the Associated Press, second-year running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not named the starter for opening day.
Kennedy, Kendall Suspended for Brawling (AP) AP - Colorado Rockies pitcher Joe Kennedy was suspended Friday for five games and Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Jason Kendall four for their parts in a...
Tennessee May Start Freshman QB in Opener (AP) AP - Erik Ainge and Brent Schaeffer are trying to accomplish a feat that even Peyton Manning couldn't pull off at Tennessee  #151; start at quarterback...
Bekele Succeeds Mentor Gebrselassie  ATHENS (Reuters) - Ethiopian Kenenisa Bekele succeeded his  mentor Haile Gebrselassie as the Olympic 10,000 meters champion  Friday after an astonishing final lap...
Team USA Says Labor Woes Won't Affect Cup (AP) AP - Team USA players promise NHL labor problems that could threaten the upcoming season won't be a distraction at the World Cup of Hockey.
Rose Takes Big Tax Hit Pete Rose is back in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service, which says the baseball great owes nearly \$1 million in unpaid taxes.
Dolphins Want a Refund From Williams The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return \$8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
Rain Hampers Play at NEC Invitational Only 24 players finished the second round at Firestone South, but the forecast was for dry, cool weather the final two days.
Moore Reaches U.S. Amateur Semifinals (AP) AP - Ryan Moore keeps rolling along in the U.S. Amateur, moving into the semifinals with a 3 and 2 victory over Jason Hartwick on Friday at Winged Foot Golf...
Major League Approves Baseball Channel for TV  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Major League Baseball has approved  the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to  America's favorite pastime,...
Major League Approves Baseball Channel for TV (Reuters) Reuters - Major League Baseball has approved\the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to\America's favorite pastime, but...
U-Md. Locks Up Friedgen University of Maryland head football coach Ralph Friedgen signed a contract extension on Friday that will keep him in College Park through 2012.
Greek Drugs Embarrassment Overshadows Phelps  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece was rocked by the threat of being  stripped of an Athens Games medal and the host nation's team  manager offered to quit on...
After Five Golds, Phelps Bows Out of Relay (AP) AP - Michael Phelps ended his magnificent Olympics with a magnanimous gesture. He matched Mark Spitz's record of four individual gold medals in the...
Mets' McEwing Probably Lost for Season (AP) AP - New York Mets infielder Joe McEwing is likely done for the season after breaking a bone in his left leg.
Four Tied for Lead at Reno-Tahoe Open (AP) AP - Scott McCarron made four birdies in 12 holes, moving into a four-way tie for the lead in the second round of the Reno-Tahoe Open on Friday before...
Pinsent bids for glory British rower Matthew Pinsent will be aiming for his fourth Olympic gold when 'Super Saturday' starts in Athens.
Athletics Pound Devil Rays 9-5 (AP) AP - Eric Chavez homered twice and Bobby Crosby went 3-for-5 with a home run to break out of a length slump as the AL West-leading Oakland Athletics beat the Tampa...
Schilling Shines As Red Sox Rout White Sox (AP) AP - Curt Schilling allowed three hits in seven shutout innings for his 15th win and Manny Ramirez hit a grand slam to lead the Boston Red Sox over the...
Rookie Leads Falcons Past Vikings 27-24 (AP) AP - The quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons appeared comfortable in the new West Coast offense, calmly using his mobility to avoid pressure and then...
Phillies Top Brewers 4-2 to Stop Skid (AP) AP - Jim Thome and Bobby Abreu homered and Eric Milton pitched seven solid innings as Philadelphia ended a seven-game losing streak with a 4-2 victory over...
Davenport Advances at Ohio Tournament (AP) AP - Top-seeded Lindsay Davenport cruised past seventh-seeded Flavia Pennetta 6-2, 6-2 on Friday in the quarterfinals of the Western and Southern Women's...
Ortiz Stifle Yankees Ramon Ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings to lead the Anaheim Angels over the Yankees.
Cards Top Pirates 5-3 to Sweep Twinbill (AP) AP - Scott Rolen became the third St. Louis player to hit 30 homers this season and Chris Carpenter set a career best with his 13th win, leading the...
NBA Jazz activate Spanish guard Lopez (AFP) AFP - Utah Jazz point guard Raul Lopez, a Spaniard who has missed the past two months while battling torn right knee ligaments, was activated by the...
Eagles Beat Ravens 26-17 but Lose Runner (AP) AP - Terrell Owens caught Donovan McNabb's long pass in stride, raced into the end zone, put his hands on his hips, stared at the crowd and nodded his...
Expos Lose Johnson, Armas to Injuries (AP) AP - Montreal Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder and was carried off the field on a stretcher Friday night.
Yankees Are Powerless, and Stadium Was, Too The big scoreboards at Yankee Stadium went dark in the seventh inning Friday night, not that the Yankees were lighting them up, anyway.
Dolphins Want Pay Back The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return \$8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
Cink Leads Soaking NEC Leader Stewart Cink played eight holes Friday morning to polish off a first-round 7-under 63 at the NEC Invitational and was at 8 under when play was suspended.
AND1 Mix Tape Tour Hop-Steps Into MCI Tonight The AND 1 Mix Tape Tour, whose emphasis on dunks over defense and trash-talk over chalk talk has vaulted AND1 from being a niche clothing line to a major...
Austin Relieved His Head Wasn't Shouldering a Problem Potomac Cannons right-handed pitcher Jeff Austin said he thought we was a head case after several horrendous outings with the  big league club in...
Towers Stumps O's Again Former Oriole Josh Towers beats the O's for the second time in a week after allowing one run and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings as the Blue Jays triumph, 14-4, on Friday.
McGahee: Play Me or Trade Me Running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Ortiz Stones Yankees Ramon Ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings and led the Anaheim Angels over the New York Yankees, 5-0, on Friday.
Dodgers Beat the Braves 3-2 in 11 Innings (AP) AP - Adrian Beltre tied the game in the ninth inning with a home run off John Smoltz and won it in the 11th with his major league-leading 38th homer,...
Pettersen in Lead at Wendy's LPGA (AP) AP - A steady downpour didn't qualify as bad weather to Suzann Pettersen. Playing through heavy showers was fine to Pettersen, who took a one-stroke lead Friday...
Woods looks like he #39;ll stay No. 1 _ for now Stewart Cink was atop the leaderboard, and David Toms had the lead in the clubhouse. But with only 24 players completing second-round play in the...
Bekele begins reign as world #39;s distance-running king With a breathtaking final 400 meters late Friday night, the 22-year-old Ethiopian laid claim to the Olympic 10,000-meter throne previously...
Mets give up six in first, can #39;t struggle back SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Noah Lowry has pitched so well that Felipe Alou now counts on the rookie to win every time out -- a standard the San Francisco...
Compete against your friends, SI experts and celebrities in this pro football pickoff PHILADELPHIA -- In his own inimitable fashion, Terrell Owens made it quite clear during the offseason that, all...
Cubs Blast Six Homers in Astros Mauling NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Grudzielanek hit two of Chicago #39;s six home runs and Glendon Rusch pitched seven strong innings to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 9-2...
Rangers beat Royals for seventh straight KANSAS CITY, Mo. - If his inconsiderate neighbor would just lose that noisy alarm clock, there #39;s no telling how many home runs David Dellucci might hit.
Overton beats hometown favorite On a day when it would #39;ve been easy to lose, Evansville #39;s Jeff Overton instead advanced to the semifinals of the 104th US Amateur Championship.
Ortiz shines in Angels win Ramon Ortiz pitched eight shutout innings as Adam Kennedy and Garret Anderson homered to lead the Anaheim Angels to a 5-0 road win over the New York Yankees on Friday.
Major League Baseball to Create Channel OS ANGELES, Aug. 20 (Reuters) - Major League Baseball has approved the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to the sport, but regular-season...
Schaub Rallies Falcons Matt Schaub threw one of his three touchdown passes to first-round pick Michael Jenkins as the Atlanta Falcons rallied for a 27-24 victory over the Minnesota Vikings in a...
Red Sox Bash White Sox 10-1 (AP) AP - After struggling for three months, the Boston Red Sox are getting hot. Curt Schilling allowed three hits in seven shutout innings for his 15th win and Manny...
The Bad Overshadows Good in Eagles Win (AP) AP - Correll Buckhalter's injury overshadowed Terrell Owens' spectacular debut with the Philadelphia Eagles. Owens caught an 81-yard TD pass from Donovan...
Utes D coordinator has two offers SALT LAKE CITY -- Defensive coordinator Kyle Whittingham is deciding whether to stay at University of Utah and accept its head coaching job or take a rival offer...
NL notables Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face...
Rose owes almost \$1m in back taxes PLANTATION, Fla. -- Pete Rose owes almost \$1 million in federal back taxes, but he is making monthly payments on the debt, his representative said yesterday.
Car accident can't keep coach away SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Randy Hien has spent more than two decades managing Little League baseball, and he wasn't going to miss the Lincoln (R.I.) All-Stars...
Red Sox: Burly effort CHICAGO -- A year ago last night, Kevin Millar emblazoned a new slogan in the New England lexicon and the Red Sox began to turn around their season. Millar responded to waning...
Ralston's position? Whatever it takes FOXBOROUGH -- Steve Ralston will be in the Revolution's starting lineup tonight against Kansas City, but his position is a mystery. Ralston has played more MLS...
Everhart won't join Huggins The merry-go-round future of Northeastern men's basketball coach Ron Everhart slowed down, at least temporarily, yesterday when Everhart decided not to pursue a position...
Eagles apply some more polish Far from being a finished product after its first preseason scrimmage last Monday, Boston College's football team continued to polish its game in its second scrimmage...
Toms not all wet at NEC David Toms finished at 4-under-par 66 just ahead of a downpour yesterday during the second round of the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio, leaving him the clubhouse leader.
Mass. girls defend NORTH ANDOVER -- Massachusetts defended its Hockey Night in Boston Girls Summer Showcase title yesterday with a 9-3 victory over Minnesota in the championship game at Merrimack...
Capital professor lands lead role with UK Athletics EDINBURGH University professor Dave Collins was today appointed as the new performance director of UK Athletics. The ex-Royal Marine, who has...
Greece Soul Searches, Phelps Nears Record  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, an ancient nation, searched its  soul over a new doping scandal on Saturday while Michael  Phelps, a fresh-faced American...
Fourth gold for Pinsent Britain's Matthew Pinsent claims his fourth Olympic gold as the men's coxless four triumph in a photo finish.
Phelps #39; gesture is worth a million Just when we thought the kid couldn #39;t do anything more to amaze us, he raised the bar Friday night and did it without putting a hand in the water.
I couldn #39;t stop Woodgate - Newcastle boss Robson Newcastle United boss Sir Bobby Robson admits he is stunned at the speed of Jon Woodgate #39;s move to Real Madrid.
Greek jubilation no myth in  #39;Peg Despite sluggish ticket sales and a scandal involving their star athletes, members of Winnipeg #39;s Greek community are still thrilled Greece is hosting this...
Sox cruise past Chicago CHICAGO --- Elvis didn #39;t leave the building on Friday night, but Manny Ramirez and Orlando Cabrera both did. And Curt Schilling left the Chicago White Sox feeling ...
Wily Devers snares spot in semifinals ATHENS -- The US women #39;s trio of 100-meter sprinters, including five-time Olympian Gail Devers, all raced into the semifinals with strong, controlled...
Wambach #39;s boot boosts US into semifinals THESSALONIKI, Greece -- Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into...
In a flash, Escobedo's dream is over ATHENS -- Vicente Escobedo learned a hard lesson yesterday at Peristeri Boxing Hall. He learned you have to be ready when your moment arrives or you will chase...
'Style' scores in Spa feature SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Sense of Style lived up to her billing as the odds-on favorite and drew off through the stretch for a 6 3/4-length victory in the \$250,000...
Different world NEWPORT, Vt. -- Lisa Klefos can't quite remember whether it was city life that drove her out of Boston or the beauty of Vermont's Northeast Kingdom that drew her up-country. It was...
Vendt's quest quashed ATHENS -- Erik Vendt's Olympics ended in the morning yesterday, when he ran out of gas in the preliminaries and failed to qualify for tonight's final of the 1,500-meter...
Cannons find target in rout The Boston Cannons said they weren't looking for revenge last night against the Baltimore Bayhawks, who drubbed the Cannons in their penultimate game of the season. That's...
Heyl's spirits still afloat ATHENS -- Brett Heyl, the Norwich, Vt., native who had hopes of making the finals of the men's slalom kayak event, finished 12th in the morning heat yesterday, dropping...
Japan's Ueno pitcher perfect vs. China ATHENS -- Yukiko Ueno pitched the first perfect game in Olympic softball history, leading Japan to a 2-0 win over China yesterday and a spot in the semifinals.
Distant memory in 10,000 ATHENS -- The two best 10,000-meter runners in history, two slender athletes from an impoverished country, met on the greatest stage of them all last night to decide if the...
Wadlow, Spaulding finally get a windfall ATHENS -- The fastest 49er on the Saronic Gulf yesterday was the one with the American flag spinnaker.
For Hall, a splash and dash to another gold ATHENS -- The defending champ took the blocks as if he were Apollo Creed last night, dressed in a star-spangled robe and trunks and brandishing his clasped...
Greece Soul Searches, Phelps Nears Record ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, an ancient nation, searched its soul over a new doping scandal on Saturday while Michael Phelps, a fresh-faced American teenager,...
Power outage wreaks havoc in Bronx Perhaps it won #39;t rank in the memory banks of New Yorkers to the extent the 1965, 1977 or 2003 blackouts do, but for the 53,530 in attendance at Yankee Stadium...
Emmons gives it best shot It would #39;ve been understandable if American Matt Emmons had a bad first Olympic experience. The way things had been going, he seemed destined for that.
Mets lose Trach in field SAN FRANCISCO - Steve Trachsel lasted only four innings and the Mets committed three errors in a 7-3 loss to the Giants last night at SBC Park.
NL notables Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face...
Woods May Stay No. 1 - for Now (AP) AP - Stewart Cink was atop the leaderboard, and David Toms had the lead in the clubhouse. But with only 24 players completing second-round play in the rain-delayed...
Judges Suspended Three judges are suspended Saturday for a mistake in scoring the men's gymnastics all-around final, but results are not be changed and American Paul Hamm keeps his gold medal.
Crawford Wins 100 Preliminaries Shawn Crawford speeds to victory in 10.02 seconds in the first round of the men's 100 meters, leading three Americans into the second round.
U.S. Beats Australia After a miserable Olympics four years ago, the U.S. men's volleyball team has guaranteed a place in the medal round.
Pinsent Wins Fourth Gold Rower Matthew Pinsent wins his fourth gold medal Saturday after his boat edges Canada by .08 seconds in the coxless four.
Ainslie clinches Finn gold Britain's Ben Ainslie retains his overall lead in the final race of the Finn class.
Olympic Games Hit Stride with Medals Free-For-All  ATHENS (Reuters) - Norway, Germany, France, Britain  Romania, New Zealand and Australia all looted the gold-medal  chest in the Athens Olympic...
Germans 'lose event gold' Germany is reportedly stripped of its three-day event team gold medal after a joint appeal was upheld.
Sports Headlines from the Summer Olympics Saturday marks the final day of swimming at the 2004 Olympics and even though American Michael Phelps will not be in the pool for the 400-meter medley relay...
Monty still coming to terms with marriage split COLIN MONTGOMERIE openly admits he is losing sleep. But there are more serious things than the Ryder Cup on his mind. As he continues his bid to be...
Pittman Makes Remarkable Hurdles Comeback Thirteen days after undergoing knee surgery, world champion Jana Pittman made a remarkable comeback Saturday morning by winning her preliminary heat of the...
Demetra Proud of Husband #39;s Achievements Matthew Pinsent got the nod to carry on moments after winning his fourth Olympic gold medal from the person who matters most, his wife Demetra.
Tennis: Agassi, Hewitt Advance to Legg Mason Semifinals Two former world-number-one tennis stars, American Andre Agassi and Lleyton Hewitt of Australia, have advanced to the semifinals of the Legg...
Afghan women blaze a trail ATHENS, Greece -- At 14.14 seconds, Robina Muqimyar posted the second-slowest time among 63 women in the 100-meter trials. But she and judo competitor Friba Razayee also...
World champs Serbia-Montenegro in trouble after loss to Spain Spain clinched first place in its group with a 76-68 victory Saturday, leaving Serbia-Montenegro in danger of failing to reach the...
Alonso the pass master Spain international Xabi Alonso is a player that epitomises the type of footballer Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez wants to have at Anfield.
West Indies Hold Up England March James Anderson took both wickets to fall as England were met with West Indian defiance on the third day of the final Test at the Oval.
Red Sox 10, White Sox 1 While Curt Schilling had a performance befitting a King on Friday night, Mark Buehrle and the White Sox were all shook up. The 38,720 fans who attended  quot;Elvis Night quot;...
Favorite son eliminated Hoosier Overton fends off four-time Winged Foot champ and St. John #39;s grad Svoboda in Amateur. BY MARK HERRMANN. MAMARONECK, NY - The golf phrase  quot;local knowledge...
Cubs Blast Six Homers in Astros Mauling Mark Grudzielanek hit two of Chicago #39;s six home runs and Glendon Rusch pitched seven strong innings to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 9-2 pasting of the Astros...
Hamm Won Gymnastics Gold on Score Error: FIG  ATHENS (Reuters) - American Paul Hamm, who became the first  American to win the Olympics men's all-round gymnastics title,  should not have been awarded...
Olympics: Germans Unhorsed Amid Games Gold Binge  ATHENS (Reuters) - Norway, Germany, France, Britain,  Romania, New Zealand and Australia all looted the gold-medal  chest in the Athens Olympic...
U.S. Wins Sailing Gold Americans Paul Foerster and Kevin Burnham win their first Olympic titles after outmaneuvering their British rivals during the final 470 class race.
Equestrian Medal Overturned France is awarded the gold medal in the three-day equestrian team event after winning an appeal with Britain and the United States against an earlier decision that gave...
Phelps: Packing up seven medals ATHENS: Michael Phelps won gold in the 100m butterfly on Friday to take his Olympic medal tally to five gold and two bronze. A medal of any colour now will him equal...
More Home stories: Great Britain #39;s gold medal tally now stands at five after Leslie Law was handed the individual three day eventing title - in a courtroom.
Woodgate out to prove his worth at Real Madrid Jonathan Woodgate says he has learned from his past mistakes off the pitch and is now determined to make the headlines solely for his footballing...
Forlan aiming for fresh start at Villarreal Uruguay striker Diego Forlan said he was looking for a fresh start after leaving Manchester United to join Primera Liga side Villarreal.
US basketball not only struggling team Take heart, Larry Brown. Yours is not the sole face of frustration at an Olympic basketball tournament that #39;s shaping up as the most compelling since 1988.
Spaniards can lift Liverpool: Benitez Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez insists his new Spanish signings will help the Reds to become contenders for the English Premiership crown.
Cricket: Anderson offers England victory as Windies lose Lara &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON : James Anderson took the crucial wickets of Chris Gayle and Brian Lara as England pressed for victory in...
British equestrian team get silver Germany have lost their two gold medals in the equestrian three-day eventing competition after France, Britain and the United States won their appeal to sport #39;s...
UPDATE 1-England edge towards series whitewash England made slow progress towards a seventh successive test win with West Indies 274 for six on day three of the fourth test at the Oval on Saturday.
Swimming: Phelps Wins a Classic Then Steps Aside Michael Phelps, who thrilled packed crowds for a week with his record-breaking feats in the pool, bowed out in true style on the penultimate evening...
Cink leads from Woods after second round of NEC Ryder Cup captain #39;s pick Stewart Cink continued his assault on the \$7 million NEC Invitational after completing his rain-delayed second round in...
Judges suspended for scoring error, but Hamm keeps gold Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Paul Hamm will get to keep his gold medal for the all-around competition, even though the...
South Africa win Tri-nations title DURBAN, South Africa -- South Africa beat Australia 23-19 to regain the Tri-nations title after a five-year break. Percy Montgomery and wing Breyton Paulse received...
Wambach #39;s boot boosts US into semifinals Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into the Olympic semifinals.
Greene set to back up big talk and he has said it in London, said it in Zurich and already said it here in Athens - he only had to turn up to retain his Olympic 100 metres title.
Athletics: Olympic Record For Bekele, Webb Eliminated From 1500 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The biggest applause at Olympic Stadium yesterday, the first day of athletics competition, didnt come for Greek...
Drugs found in raid on Greek coach #39;s store Greek police found nutritional supplements containing banned stimulants and steroids in a raid on premises used by the sprint coach at the centre of the...
Soccer: Real wanted England international Woodgate despite injury LONDON : England international defender Jonathan Woodgate, Real Madrid #39;s new recruit from Newcastle, will be out of action for a...
Olympics: American sprint stars throw down 100m gauntlet ATHENS : America #39;s 100 metres sprint stars threw down the gauntlet at the Olympics but their Carribean rivals replied with a double salvo...
FORLAN SEALS SPANISH SWITCH Villarreal have completed the signing of Manchester United misfit Diego Forlan on a five-year deal. The Uruguayan hit-man never convinced during his time at Old Trafford...
South Africa win Tri-Nations A SECOND-HALF Springbok blitz gave South Africa their first Tri-Nations rugby title in six years with a win over Australia at Kings Park.
A Key Year for Willingham, Notre Dame (AP) AP - Will Tyrone Willingham be the next Ara Parseghian or the next Bob Davie?
Four golds in a row for Pinsent British rower Matthew Pinsent won a fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal when Team GB #39;s coxless fours crew triumphed in Greece.
Afghan woman basks in Olympic moment The fireworks shot out from the top of the Olympic Stadium, the grand finale of the Opening Ceremonies lighting up the Athens sky.
Forlan confirms move Former Manchester United striker Diego Forlan signed with Villareal in order to obtain regular playing time. The Uruguay international was unveiled with the Spanish outfit on...
US women back on right track The US Women #39;s National Team did not string together a complete 90 minutes of soccer in beating Japan 2-1 in its Olympic quarterfinal on Friday, however, it was the...
Great Britain wins gold again in track cycling Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - For the second straight day a Briton captured gold at the Olympic Velodrome. Bradley Wiggins won the men #39;s...
Crawford, Four Others Post Fast 100 Times (AP) AP - It was only the second round of the 100 meters, yet the world's top sprinters already were playing a lightning-quick game of "Can You Top This?"...
Andre Rison Signs With CFL Club (AP) AP - Former Pro Bowl receiver Andre Rison signed with the CFL's Toronto Argonauts on Saturday, less than two weeks after a U.S. judge ordered his arrest for...
French equestrinan protest finally upheld Four days after the competition was held, France was finally awarded a gold medal Saturday in the Olympic equestrian three-day team event.
Alonso seals Liverpool move  quot;I #39;m going to a club with a lot of history and a great present, quot; Alonso told a press conference here in the presence of Real Sociedad president Jose Luis...
Wiggins adds Britain #39;s 2nd velodrome gold Britain #39;s Bradley Wiggins won the gold medal in men #39;s individual pursuit Saturday, finishing the 4,000-meter final in 4:16.
Swimming: Phelps Wins Eighth Medal at Athens Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - American swimmer Michael Phelps won an  Olympic record-equaling eighth medal at the Athens Games when  the U.S. team took gold...
East Africans dominate day Americans lag in men #39;s 10,000 Athens -- It #39;s always a pleasure watching masters of their craft at work, and such a moment occurred Friday night on the first full...
Running (Not Hiding) From the Doping Police THEY do not approach their subjects wearing lab coats to indicate a) they work behind the Clinique counter at Saks, or b) they test for drug cheats at the...
David Davies gets swimming bronze Australia #39;s Grant Hackett has won the 1500 metres freestyle at the Athens Olympics to become just the fourth man to win the race twice at the Olympics.
Crawford leads way to 100 semifinals ATHENS, Greece - United States sprinters Shawn Crawford, Justin Gatlin and Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the men #39;s 100-meter race on Saturday.
Aussies Upset U.S. Women in Medley Relay (AP) AP - Petria Thomas overtook Jenny Thompson on the third leg of the Olympic women's 400-meter medley relay Saturday night, helping Australia upset the...
Soccer: Euphoric Iraq Reach Semi-Finals  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's footballers extended their  fairytale run at the Athens Olympics Saturday, beating  Australia 1-0 to reach the semi-finals of the...
Golf: Stewart Cink Leads NEC Invitational American golfer Stewart Cink has the lead after completing the rain-delayed second round of the World Golf Championships-NEC Invitational tournament in...
Scoring questioned in men #39;s all-around gymnastics event The International Gymnastics Federation opened an investigation Friday morning into the scoring of the men #39;s all-around competition.
Law rules after court overturns German gold Leslie Law tonight became Great Britain #39;s first eventing gold medallist since 1972 - without leaving his Hereford home. The Court of Arbitration for...
Woodgate move has Robson #39;s blessing Woodgate, 24, has passed a stringent medical in the Spanish capital and will today sign a four-year deal - with the option of an extra year - at the Bernabeu...
Henin-Hardenne in third round ATHENS, Aug. 17. - World No 1 Justine Henin-Hardenne, sidelined for 11 weeks by a debilitating virus, swept into the third round of the Olympic tennis tournament today...
South Africa wins Tri-Nations rugby South Africa held off Australia 23-19 in a dramatic finale and won the Tri-Nations rugby title for the first time since 1998 on Saturday at King #39;s Park.
How Michigan athletes fared at the Olympics Olympic events involving athletes and coaches with connections to Michigan. All listed are on Team USA unless otherwise indicated: Andre Dirrell of Flint...
Sampanis denies doping GREECE #39;S first Athens medallist Leonidas Sampanis today denied taking banned substances despite testing positive for the male hormone testosterone.
Puerto Ricans break Boomers #39; hearts Australia #39;s hopes of an Olympic Games men #39;s basketball quarter-final berth slumped with a heart-breaking 87-82 loss to Puerto Rico.
